.TH "QwtAbstractScaleDraw" 3 "22 Mar 2009" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtAbstractScaleDraw \- A abstract base class for drawing scales.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <qwt_abstract_scale_draw.h>\fP
.PP
Inherited by \fBQwtRoundScaleDraw\fP, and \fBQwtScaleDraw\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBScaleComponent\fP { \fBBackbone\fP =  1, \fBTicks\fP =  2, \fBLabels\fP =  4 }"
.br
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtAbstractScaleDraw\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtAbstractScaleDraw\fP (const \fBQwtAbstractScaleDraw\fP &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~QwtAbstractScaleDraw\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtAbstractScaleDraw\fP & \fBoperator=\fP (const \fBQwtAbstractScaleDraw\fP &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetScaleDiv\fP (const \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP &s)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP & \fBscaleDiv\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetTransformation\fP (\fBQwtScaleTransformation\fP *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & \fBmap\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBenableComponent\fP (\fBScaleComponent\fP, bool enable=true)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBhasComponent\fP (\fBScaleComponent\fP) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetTickLength\fP (\fBQwtScaleDiv::TickType\fP, int length)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBtickLength\fP (\fBQwtScaleDiv::TickType\fP) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmajTickLength\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetSpacing\fP (int margin)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBspacing\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdraw\fP (QPainter *, const QPalette &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBQwtText\fP \fBlabel\fP (double) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBextent\fP (const QPen &, const QFont &) const =0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetMinimumExtent\fP (int)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBminimumExtent\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtScaleMap\fP & \fBscaleMap\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdrawTick\fP (QPainter *painter, double value, int len) const =0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdrawBackbone\fP (QPainter *painter) const =0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdrawLabel\fP (QPainter *painter, double value) const =0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinvalidateCache\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtText\fP & \fBtickLabel\fP (const QFont &, double value) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A abstract base class for drawing scales. 

\fBQwtAbstractScaleDraw\fP can be used to draw linear or logarithmic scales.
.PP
After a scale division has been specified as a \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP object using \fBQwtAbstractScaleDraw::setScaleDiv(const QwtScaleDiv &s)\fP, the scale can be drawn with the \fBQwtAbstractScaleDraw::draw()\fP member. 
.SH "Member Enumeration Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBQwtAbstractScaleDraw::ScaleComponent\fP"
.PP
Components of a scale
.PP
.IP "\(bu" 2
Backbone
.IP "\(bu" 2
Ticks
.IP "\(bu" 2
Labels
.PP
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBenableComponent()\fP, \fBhasComponent\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtAbstractScaleDraw::QwtAbstractScaleDraw ()"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
The range of the scale is initialized to [0, 100], The spacing (distance between ticks and labels) is set to 4, the tick lengths are set to 4,6 and 8 pixels 
.SS "QwtAbstractScaleDraw::QwtAbstractScaleDraw (const \fBQwtAbstractScaleDraw\fP & other)"
.PP
Copy constructor. 
.PP
.SS "QwtAbstractScaleDraw::~QwtAbstractScaleDraw ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void QwtAbstractScaleDraw::draw (QPainter * painter, const QPalette & palette) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Draw the scale. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP The painter
.br
\fIpalette\fP Palette, text color is used for the labels, foreground color for ticks and backbone 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual void QwtAbstractScaleDraw::drawBackbone (QPainter * painter) const\fC [protected, pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Draws the baseline of the scale 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBdrawTick()\fP, \fBdrawLabel()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBQwtRoundScaleDraw\fP, and \fBQwtScaleDraw\fP.
.SS "virtual void QwtAbstractScaleDraw::drawLabel (QPainter * painter, double value) const\fC [protected, pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Draws the label for a major scale tick
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIvalue\fP Value
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBdrawTick\fP, \fBdrawBackbone\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBQwtRoundScaleDraw\fP, and \fBQwtScaleDraw\fP.
.SS "virtual void QwtAbstractScaleDraw::drawTick (QPainter * painter, double value, int len) const\fC [protected, pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Draw a tick
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIvalue\fP Value of the tick 
.br
\fIlen\fP Lenght of the tick
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBdrawBackbone()\fP, \fBdrawLabel()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBQwtRoundScaleDraw\fP, and \fBQwtScaleDraw\fP.
.SS "void QwtAbstractScaleDraw::enableComponent (\fBScaleComponent\fP component, bool enable = \fCtrue\fP)"
.PP
En/Disable a component of the scale
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcomponent\fP Scale component 
.br
\fIenable\fP On/Off
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBhasComponent()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual int QwtAbstractScaleDraw::extent (const QPen &, const QFont &) const\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Calculate the extent
.PP
The extent is the distcance from the baseline to the outermost pixel of the scale draw in opposite to its orientation. It is at least \fBminimumExtent()\fP pixels.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetMinimumExtent()\fP, \fBminimumExtent()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBQwtRoundScaleDraw\fP, and \fBQwtScaleDraw\fP.
.SS "bool QwtAbstractScaleDraw::hasComponent (\fBScaleComponent\fP component) const"
.PP
Check if a component is enabled 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBenableComponent()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtAbstractScaleDraw::invalidateCache ()\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Invalidate the cache used by \fBQwtAbstractScaleDraw::tickLabel\fP
.PP
The cache is invalidated, when a new \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP is set. If the labels need to be changed. while the same \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP is set, \fBQwtAbstractScaleDraw::invalidateCache\fP needs to be called manually. 
.SS "\fBQwtText\fP QwtAbstractScaleDraw::label (double value) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Convert a value into its representing label. 
.PP
The value is converted to a plain text using QLocale::system().toString(value). This method is often overloaded by applications to have individual labels.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIvalue\fP Value 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Label string. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented in \fBQwtDialScaleDraw\fP.
.SS "int QwtAbstractScaleDraw::majTickLength () const"
.PP
The same as QwtAbstractScaleDraw::tickLength(QwtScaleDiv::MajorTick). 
.SS "const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & QwtAbstractScaleDraw::map () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Map how to translate between scale and pixel values 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int QwtAbstractScaleDraw::minimumExtent () const"
.PP
Get the minimum extent 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBextent()\fP, \fBsetMinimumExtent()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBQwtAbstractScaleDraw\fP & QwtAbstractScaleDraw::operator= (const \fBQwtAbstractScaleDraw\fP & other)"
.PP
Assignment operator. 
.PP
.SS "const \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP & QwtAbstractScaleDraw::scaleDiv () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
scale division 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBQwtScaleMap\fP & QwtAbstractScaleDraw::scaleMap ()"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Map how to translate between scale and pixel values 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtAbstractScaleDraw::setMinimumExtent (int minExtent)"
.PP
Set a minimum for the extent. 
.PP
The extent is calculated from the coomponents of the scale draw. In situations, where the labels are changing and the layout depends on the extent (f.e scrolling a scale), setting an upper limit as minimum extent will avoid jumps of the layout.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIminExtent\fP Minimum extent
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBextent()\fP, \fBminimumExtent()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtAbstractScaleDraw::setScaleDiv (const \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP & sd)"
.PP
Change the scale division 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsd\fP New scale division 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtAbstractScaleDraw::setSpacing (int spacing)"
.PP
Set the spacing between tick and labels. 
.PP
The spacing is the distance between ticks and labels. The default spacing is 4 pixels.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIspacing\fP Spacing
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBspacing()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtAbstractScaleDraw::setTickLength (\fBQwtScaleDiv::TickType\fP tickType, int length)"
.PP
Set the length of the ticks
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItickType\fP Tick type 
.br
\fIlength\fP New length
.RE
.PP
\fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
the length is limited to [0..1000] 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtAbstractScaleDraw::setTransformation (\fBQwtScaleTransformation\fP * transformation)"
.PP
Change the transformation of the scale 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItransformation\fP New scale transformation 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int QwtAbstractScaleDraw::spacing () const"
.PP
Get the spacing. 
.PP
The spacing is the distance between ticks and labels. The default spacing is 4 pixels.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetSpacing()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const \fBQwtText\fP & QwtAbstractScaleDraw::tickLabel (const QFont & font, double value) const\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Convert a value into its representing label and cache it. 
.PP
The conversion between value and label is called very often in the layout and painting code. Unfortunately the calculation of the label sizes might be slow (really slow for rich text in Qt4), so it's necessary to cache the labels.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfont\fP Font 
.br
\fIvalue\fP Value
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Tick label 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int QwtAbstractScaleDraw::tickLength (\fBQwtScaleDiv::TickType\fP tickType) const"
.PP
Return the length of the ticks
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetTickLength()\fP, \fBmajTickLength()\fP 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
