.TH "QwtDialNeedle" 3 "22 Mar 2009" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtDialNeedle \- Base class for needles that can be used in a \fBQwtDial\fP.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <qwt_dial_needle.h>\fP
.PP
Inherited by \fBQwtCompassMagnetNeedle\fP, \fBQwtCompassWindArrow\fP, and \fBQwtDialSimpleNeedle\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtDialNeedle\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~QwtDialNeedle\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdraw\fP (QPainter *painter, const QPoint &center, int length, double direction, QPalette::ColorGroup cg=QPalette::Active) const =0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetPalette\fP (const QPalette &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const QPalette & \fBpalette\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBdrawKnob\fP (QPainter *, const QPoint &pos, int width, const QBrush &, bool sunken)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Base class for needles that can be used in a \fBQwtDial\fP. 

\fBQwtDialNeedle\fP is a pointer that indicates a value by pointing to a specific direction.
.PP
Qwt is missing a set of good looking needles. Contributions are very welcome.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtDial\fP, \fBQwtCompass\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtDialNeedle::QwtDialNeedle ()"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
.SS "QwtDialNeedle::~QwtDialNeedle ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "virtual void QwtDialNeedle::draw (QPainter * painter, const QPoint & center, int length, double direction, QPalette::ColorGroup cg = \fCQPalette::Active\fP) const\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Draw the needle
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIcenter\fP Center of the dial, start position for the needle 
.br
\fIlength\fP Length of the needle 
.br
\fIdirection\fP Direction of the needle, in degrees counter clockwise 
.br
\fIcg\fP Color group, used for painting 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBQwtDialSimpleNeedle\fP, \fBQwtCompassMagnetNeedle\fP, and \fBQwtCompassWindArrow\fP.
.SS "void QwtDialNeedle::drawKnob (QPainter * painter, const QPoint & pos, int width, const QBrush & brush, bool sunken)\fC [static, protected]\fP"
.PP
Draw the knob. 
.PP
.SS "const QPalette & QwtDialNeedle::palette () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the palette of the needle. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtDialNeedle::setPalette (const QPalette & palette)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Sets the palette for the needle.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpalette\fP New Palette 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
