.TH "QwtIntervalData" 3 "22 Mar 2009" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtIntervalData \- Series of samples of a value and an interval.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <qwt_interval_data.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtIntervalData\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtIntervalData\fP (const QwtArray< \fBQwtDoubleInterval\fP > &, const QwtArray< double > &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~QwtIntervalData\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetData\fP (const QwtArray< \fBQwtDoubleInterval\fP > &, const QwtArray< double > &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBsize\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtDoubleInterval\fP & \fBinterval\fP (size_t i) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBvalue\fP (size_t i) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QwtDoubleRect \fBboundingRect\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Series of samples of a value and an interval. 

\fBQwtIntervalData\fP is a series of samples of a value and an interval. F.e. error bars are built from samples [x, y1-y2], while a histogram might consist of [x1-x2, y] samples. 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtIntervalData::QwtIntervalData ()"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
.SS "QwtIntervalData::QwtIntervalData (const QwtArray< \fBQwtDoubleInterval\fP > & intervals, const QwtArray< double > & values)"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
.SS "QwtIntervalData::~QwtIntervalData ()"
.PP
Destructor. 
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtDoubleRect QwtIntervalData::boundingRect () const"
.PP
Calculate the bounding rectangle of the samples
.PP
The x coordinates of the rectangle are built from the intervals, the y coordinates from the values.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Bounding rectangle 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const \fBQwtDoubleInterval\fP & QwtIntervalData::interval (size_t i) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Interval of a sample
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIi\fP Sample index 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Interval 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBvalue()\fP, \fBsize()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtIntervalData::setData (const QwtArray< \fBQwtDoubleInterval\fP > & intervals, const QwtArray< double > & values)"
.PP
Assign samples. 
.PP
.SS "size_t QwtIntervalData::size () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Number of samples 
.RE
.PP

.SS "double QwtIntervalData::value (size_t i) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Value of a sample
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIi\fP Sample index 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Value 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBinterval()\fP, \fBsize()\fP 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
