.TH "QwtKnob" 3 "22 Mar 2009" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtKnob \- The Knob Widget.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <qwt_knob.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBQwtAbstractSlider\fP, and \fBQwtAbstractScale\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBSymbol\fP { \fBLine\fP, \fBDot\fP }"
.br
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtKnob\fP (QWidget *parent=NULL)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~QwtKnob\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetKnobWidth\fP (int w)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBknobWidth\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetTotalAngle\fP (double angle)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBtotalAngle\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetBorderWidth\fP (int bw)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBborderWidth\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetSymbol\fP (\fBSymbol\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSymbol\fP \fBsymbol\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QSize \fBsizeHint\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QSize \fBminimumSizeHint\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetScaleDraw\fP (\fBQwtRoundScaleDraw\fP *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtRoundScaleDraw\fP * \fBscaleDraw\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtRoundScaleDraw\fP * \fBscaleDraw\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBpaintEvent\fP (QPaintEvent *e)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBresizeEvent\fP (QResizeEvent *e)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdraw\fP (QPainter *p, const QRect &ur)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdrawKnob\fP (QPainter *p, const QRect &r)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdrawMarker\fP (QPainter *p, double arc, const QColor &c)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
The Knob Widget. 

The \fBQwtKnob\fP widget imitates look and behaviour of a volume knob on a radio. It contains a scale around the knob which is set up automatically or can be configured manually (see \fBQwtAbstractScale\fP). Automatic scrolling is enabled when the user presses a mouse button on the scale. For a description of signals, slots and other members, see \fBQwtAbstractSlider\fP.
.PP
 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtAbstractSlider\fP and \fBQwtAbstractScale\fP for the descriptions of the inherited members. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Enumeration Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBQwtKnob::Symbol\fP"
.PP
Symbol 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtKnob::QwtKnob()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtKnob::QwtKnob (QWidget * parent = \fCNULL\fP)\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
Constructor 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIparent\fP Parent widget 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QwtKnob::~QwtKnob ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int QwtKnob::borderWidth () const"
.PP
Return the border width. 
.PP
.SS "void QwtKnob::draw (QPainter * painter, const QRect & rect)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Repaint the knob
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIrect\fP Update rectangle 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtKnob::drawKnob (QPainter * painter, const QRect & r)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Draw the knob. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP painter 
.br
\fIr\fP Bounding rectangle of the knob (without scale) 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtKnob::drawMarker (QPainter * p, double arc, const QColor & c)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Draw the marker at the knob's front. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIp\fP Painter 
.br
\fIarc\fP Angle of the marker 
.br
\fIc\fP Marker color 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int QwtKnob::knobWidth () const"
.PP
Return the width of the knob. 
.PP
.SS "QSize QwtKnob::minimumSizeHint () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Return a minimum size hint. 
.PP
\fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
The return value of \fBQwtKnob::minimumSizeHint()\fP depends on the font and the scale. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtKnob::paintEvent (QPaintEvent * e)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Repaint the knob
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIe\fP Paint event 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtKnob::resizeEvent (QResizeEvent * e)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Qt Resize Event 
.SS "\fBQwtRoundScaleDraw\fP * QwtKnob::scaleDraw ()"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the scale draw of the knob 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetScaleDraw()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const \fBQwtRoundScaleDraw\fP * QwtKnob::scaleDraw () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the scale draw of the knob 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetScaleDraw()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtKnob::setBorderWidth (int bw)"
.PP
Set the knob's border width. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbw\fP new border width 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtKnob::setKnobWidth (int w)"
.PP
Change the knob's width. 
.PP
The specified width must be >= 5, or it will be clipped. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIw\fP New width 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtKnob::setScaleDraw (\fBQwtRoundScaleDraw\fP * scaleDraw)"
.PP
Change the scale draw of the knob
.PP
For changing the labels of the scales, it is necessary to derive from \fBQwtRoundScaleDraw\fP and overload \fBQwtRoundScaleDraw::label()\fP.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBscaleDraw()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtKnob::setSymbol (\fBQwtKnob::Symbol\fP s)"
.PP
Set the symbol of the knob. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsymbol()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtKnob::setTotalAngle (double angle)"
.PP
Set the total angle by which the knob can be turned. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIangle\fP Angle in degrees.
.RE
.PP
The default angle is 270 degrees. It is possible to specify an angle of more than 360 degrees so that the knob can be turned several times around its axis. 
.SS "QSize QwtKnob::sizeHint () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBminimumSizeHint()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBQwtKnob::Symbol\fP QwtKnob::symbol () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
symbol of the knob 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetSymbol()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "double QwtKnob::totalAngle () const"
.PP
Return the total angle. 
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
