.TH "QwtPlot" 3 "22 Mar 2009" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtPlot \- A 2-D plotting widget.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <qwt_plot.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBQwtPlotDict\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBAxis\fP { \fByLeft\fP, \fByRight\fP, \fBxBottom\fP, \fBxTop\fP, \fBaxisCnt\fP }"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBLegendPosition\fP { \fBLeftLegend\fP, \fBRightLegend\fP, \fBBottomLegend\fP, \fBTopLegend\fP, \fBExternalLegend\fP }"
.br
.SS "Public Slots"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBclear\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBreplot\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBautoRefresh\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Signals"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBlegendClicked\fP (\fBQwtPlotItem\fP *plotItem)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBlegendChecked\fP (\fBQwtPlotItem\fP *plotItem, bool on)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlot\fP (QWidget *=NULL)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlot\fP (const \fBQwtText\fP &title, QWidget *p=NULL)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~QwtPlot\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBapplyProperties\fP (const QString &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QString \fBgrabProperties\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetAutoReplot\fP (bool tf=true)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBautoReplot\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBprint\fP (QPaintDevice &p, const \fBQwtPlotPrintFilter\fP &=\fBQwtPlotPrintFilter\fP()) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBprint\fP (QPainter *, const QRect &rect, const \fBQwtPlotPrintFilter\fP &=\fBQwtPlotPrintFilter\fP()) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlotLayout\fP * \fBplotLayout\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtPlotLayout\fP * \fBplotLayout\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetMargin\fP (int margin)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmargin\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetTitle\fP (const QString &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetTitle\fP (const \fBQwtText\fP &t)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtText\fP \fBtitle\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtTextLabel\fP * \fBtitleLabel\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtTextLabel\fP * \fBtitleLabel\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP * \fBcanvas\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP * \fBcanvas\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetCanvasBackground\fP (const QColor &c)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const QColor & \fBcanvasBackground\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetCanvasLineWidth\fP (int w)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcanvasLineWidth\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBQwtScaleMap\fP \fBcanvasMap\fP (int axisId) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBinvTransform\fP (int axisId, int pos) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBtransform\fP (int axisId, double value) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtScaleEngine\fP * \fBaxisScaleEngine\fP (int axisId)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtScaleEngine\fP * \fBaxisScaleEngine\fP (int axisId) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetAxisScaleEngine\fP (int axisId, \fBQwtScaleEngine\fP *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetAxisAutoScale\fP (int axisId)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBaxisAutoScale\fP (int axisId) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBenableAxis\fP (int axisId, bool tf=true)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBaxisEnabled\fP (int axisId) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetAxisFont\fP (int axisId, const QFont &f)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QFont \fBaxisFont\fP (int axisId) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetAxisScale\fP (int axisId, double min, double max, double step=0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetAxisScaleDiv\fP (int axisId, const \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetAxisScaleDraw\fP (int axisId, \fBQwtScaleDraw\fP *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBaxisStepSize\fP (int axisId) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP * \fBaxisScaleDiv\fP (int axisId) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtScaleDiv\fP * \fBaxisScaleDiv\fP (int axisId)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtScaleDraw\fP * \fBaxisScaleDraw\fP (int axisId) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtScaleDraw\fP * \fBaxisScaleDraw\fP (int axisId)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtScaleWidget\fP * \fBaxisWidget\fP (int axisId) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtScaleWidget\fP * \fBaxisWidget\fP (int axisId)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetAxisLabelAlignment\fP (int axisId, Qt::Alignment)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetAxisLabelRotation\fP (int axisId, double rotation)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetAxisTitle\fP (int axisId, const QString &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetAxisTitle\fP (int axisId, const \fBQwtText\fP &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtText\fP \fBaxisTitle\fP (int axisId) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetAxisMaxMinor\fP (int axisId, int maxMinor)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBaxisMaxMajor\fP (int axisId) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetAxisMaxMajor\fP (int axisId, int maxMajor)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBaxisMaxMinor\fP (int axisId) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinsertLegend\fP (\fBQwtLegend\fP *, \fBLegendPosition\fP=QwtPlot::RightLegend, double ratio=-1.0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtLegend\fP * \fBlegend\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtLegend\fP * \fBlegend\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBpolish\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QSize \fBsizeHint\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QSize \fBminimumSizeHint\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBupdateLayout\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdrawCanvas\fP (QPainter *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBupdateAxes\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBevent\fP (QEvent *)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Slots"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBlegendItemClicked\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBlegendItemChecked\fP (bool)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdrawItems\fP (QPainter *, const QRect &, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP maps[axisCnt], const \fBQwtPlotPrintFilter\fP &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBupdateTabOrder\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBresizeEvent\fP (QResizeEvent *e)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBprintLegendItem\fP (QPainter *, const QWidget *, const QRect &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBprintTitle\fP (QPainter *, const QRect &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBprintScale\fP (QPainter *, int axisId, int startDist, int endDist, int baseDist, const QRect &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBprintCanvas\fP (QPainter *, const QRect &boundingRect, const QRect &canvasRect, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP maps[axisCnt], const \fBQwtPlotPrintFilter\fP &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBprintLegend\fP (QPainter *, const QRect &) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static bool \fBaxisValid\fP (int axisId)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A 2-D plotting widget. 

\fBQwtPlot\fP is a widget for plotting two-dimensional graphs. An unlimited number of plot items can be displayed on its canvas. Plot items might be curves (\fBQwtPlotCurve\fP), markers (\fBQwtPlotMarker\fP), the grid (\fBQwtPlotGrid\fP), or anything else derived from \fBQwtPlotItem\fP. A plot can have up to four axes, with each plot item attached to an x- and a y axis. The scales at the axes can be explicitely set (\fBQwtScaleDiv\fP), or are calculated from the plot items, using algorithms (\fBQwtScaleEngine\fP) which can be configured separately for each axis.
.PP
.PP
\fBExample\fP.RS 4
The following example shows (schematically) the most simple way to use \fBQwtPlot\fP. By default, only the left and bottom axes are visible and their scales are computed automatically. 
.PP
.nf

#include <qwt_plot.h>
#include <qwt_plot_curve.h>

QwtPlot *myPlot = new QwtPlot("Two Curves", parent);

// add curves
QwtPlotCurve *curve1 = new QwtPlotCurve("Curve 1");
QwtPlotCurve *curve2 = new QwtPlotCurve("Curve 2");

// copy the data into the curves
curve1->setData(...);
curve2->setData(...);

curve1->attach(myPlot);
curve2->attach(myPlot);

// finally, refresh the plot
myPlot->replot();

.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Enumeration Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBQwtPlot::Axis\fP"
.PP
Axis index
.PP
.IP "\(bu" 2
yLeft
.br

.IP "\(bu" 2
yRight
.br

.IP "\(bu" 2
xBottom
.br

.IP "\(bu" 2
xTop
.br
 
.PP

.SS "enum \fBQwtPlot::LegendPosition\fP"
.PP
Position of the legend, relative to the canvas.
.PP
.IP "\(bu" 2
LeftLegend
.br
 The legend will be left from the yLeft axis.
.IP "\(bu" 2
RightLegend
.br
 The legend will be right from the yLeft axis.
.IP "\(bu" 2
BottomLegend
.br
 The legend will be right below the xBottom axis.
.IP "\(bu" 2
TopLegend
.br
 The legend will be between xTop axis and the title.
.IP "\(bu" 2
ExternalLegend
.br
 External means that only the content of the legend will be handled by \fBQwtPlot\fP, but not its geometry. This might be interesting if an application wants to have a legend in an external window ( or on the canvas ).
.PP
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
In case of ExternalLegend, the legend is not printed by \fBprint()\fP.
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBinsertLegend()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtPlot::QwtPlot (QWidget * parent = \fCNULL\fP)\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIparent\fP Parent widget 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QwtPlot::QwtPlot (const \fBQwtText\fP & title, QWidget * parent = \fCNULL\fP)\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItitle\fP Title text 
.br
\fIparent\fP Parent widget 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QwtPlot::~QwtPlot ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void QwtPlot::autoRefresh ()\fC [slot]\fP"
.PP
Replots the plot if \fBQwtPlot::autoReplot()\fP is \fCtrue\fP. 
.PP
.SS "bool QwtPlot::autoReplot () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if the autoReplot option is set. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "bool QwtPlot::axisAutoScale (int axisId) const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fCtrue\fP if autoscaling is enabled 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaxisId\fP axis index 
.RE
.PP

.SS "bool QwtPlot::axisEnabled (int axisId) const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fCtrue\fP if a specified axis is enabled 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaxisId\fP axis index 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QFont QwtPlot::axisFont (int axisId) const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the font of the scale labels for a specified axis 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaxisId\fP axis index 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int QwtPlot::axisMaxMajor (int axisId) const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the maximum number of major ticks for a specified axis 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaxisId\fP axis index sa \fBsetAxisMaxMajor()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int QwtPlot::axisMaxMinor (int axisId) const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the maximum number of minor ticks for a specified axis 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaxisId\fP axis index sa \fBsetAxisMaxMinor()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBQwtScaleDiv\fP * QwtPlot::axisScaleDiv (int axisId)"
.PP
Return the scale division of a specified axis. 
.PP
axisScaleDiv(axisId)->lowerBound(), axisScaleDiv(axisId)->upperBound() are the current limits of the axis scale.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaxisId\fP axis index 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Scale division
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtScaleDiv\fP, \fBsetAxisScaleDiv()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP * QwtPlot::axisScaleDiv (int axisId) const"
.PP
Return the scale division of a specified axis. 
.PP
axisScaleDiv(axisId)->lowerBound(), axisScaleDiv(axisId)->upperBound() are the current limits of the axis scale.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaxisId\fP axis index 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Scale division
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtScaleDiv\fP, \fBsetAxisScaleDiv()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBQwtScaleDraw\fP * QwtPlot::axisScaleDraw (int axisId)"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the scale draw of a specified axis 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaxisId\fP axis index 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
specified scaleDraw for axis, or NULL if axis is invalid. 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtScaleDraw\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const \fBQwtScaleDraw\fP * QwtPlot::axisScaleDraw (int axisId) const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the scale draw of a specified axis 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaxisId\fP axis index 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
specified scaleDraw for axis, or NULL if axis is invalid. 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtScaleDraw\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const \fBQwtScaleEngine\fP * QwtPlot::axisScaleEngine (int axisId) const"
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaxisId\fP axis index 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Scale engine for a specific axis 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBQwtScaleEngine\fP * QwtPlot::axisScaleEngine (int axisId)"
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaxisId\fP axis index 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Scale engine for a specific axis 
.RE
.PP

.SS "double QwtPlot::axisStepSize (int axisId) const"
.PP
Return the step size parameter, that has been set in setAxisScale. This doesn't need to be the step size of the current scale.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaxisId\fP axis index 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
step size parameter value
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetAxisScale()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBQwtText\fP QwtPlot::axisTitle (int axisId) const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the title of a specified axis 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaxisId\fP axis index 
.RE
.PP

.SS "bool QwtPlot::axisValid (int axisId)\fC [static, protected]\fP"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fCtrue\fP if the specified axis exists, otherwise \fCfalse\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaxisId\fP axis index 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBQwtScaleWidget\fP * QwtPlot::axisWidget (int axisId)"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
specified axis, or NULL if axisId is invalid. 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaxisId\fP axis index 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const \fBQwtScaleWidget\fP * QwtPlot::axisWidget (int axisId) const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
specified axis, or NULL if axisId is invalid. 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaxisId\fP axis index 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const \fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP * QwtPlot::canvas () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the plot's canvas 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP * QwtPlot::canvas ()"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the plot's canvas 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const QColor & QwtPlot::canvasBackground () const"
.PP
Nothing else than: \fBcanvas()\fP->palette().color( QPalette::Normal, QColorGroup::Background);
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the background color of the plotting area. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int QwtPlot::canvasLineWidth () const"
.PP
Nothing else than: \fBcanvas()\fP->lineWidth(), left for compatibility only. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the border width of the plotting area 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBQwtScaleMap\fP QwtPlot::canvasMap (int axisId) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaxisId\fP Axis 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Map for the axis on the canvas. With this map pixel coordinates can translated to plot coordinates and vice versa. 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtScaleMap\fP, \fBtransform()\fP, \fBinvTransform()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlot::clear ()\fC [virtual, slot]\fP"
.PP
Remove all curves and markers 
.PP
\fBDeprecated\fP
.RS 4
Use QwtPlotDeict::detachItems instead 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlot::drawCanvas (QPainter * painter)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Redraw the canvas. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter used for drawing
.RE
.PP
\fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
drawCanvas calls drawItems what is also used for printing. Applications that like to add individual plot items better overload \fBdrawItems()\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBdrawItems()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlot::drawItems (QPainter * painter, const QRect & rect, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP map[axisCnt], const \fBQwtPlotPrintFilter\fP & pfilter) const\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Redraw the canvas items. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter used for drawing 
.br
\fIrect\fP Bounding rectangle where to paint 
.br
\fImap\fP QwtPlot::axisCnt maps, mapping between plot and paint device coordinates 
.br
\fIpfilter\fP Plot print filter 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlot::enableAxis (int axisId, bool tf = \fCtrue\fP)"
.PP
Enable or disable a specified axis. 
.PP
When an axis is disabled, this only means that it is not visible on the screen. Curves, markers and can be attached to disabled axes, and transformation of screen coordinates into values works as normal.
.PP
Only xBottom and yLeft are enabled by default. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaxisId\fP axis index 
.br
\fItf\fP \fCtrue\fP (enabled) or \fCfalse\fP (disabled) 
.RE
.PP

.SS "bool QwtPlot::event (QEvent * e)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Adds handling of layout requests. 
.PP
.SS "void QwtPlot::insertLegend (\fBQwtLegend\fP * legend, \fBQwtPlot::LegendPosition\fP pos = \fCQwtPlot::RightLegend\fP, double ratio = \fC-1.0\fP)"
.PP
Insert a legend. 
.PP
If the position legend is \fCQwtPlot::LeftLegend\fP or \fCQwtPlot::RightLegend\fP the legend will be organized in one column from top to down. Otherwise the legend items will be placed in a table with a best fit number of columns from left to right.
.PP
If pos != QwtPlot::ExternalLegend the plot widget will become parent of the legend. It will be deleted when the plot is deleted, or another legend is set with \fBinsertLegend()\fP.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIlegend\fP Legend 
.br
\fIpos\fP The legend's position. For top/left position the number of colums will be limited to 1, otherwise it will be set to unlimited.
.br
\fIratio\fP Ratio between legend and the bounding rect of title, canvas and axes. The legend will be shrinked if it would need more space than the given ratio. The ratio is limited to ]0.0 .. 1.0]. In case of <= 0.0 it will be reset to the default ratio. The default vertical/horizontal ratio is 0.33/0.5.
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBlegend()\fP, \fBQwtPlotLayout::legendPosition()\fP, \fBQwtPlotLayout::setLegendPosition()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "double QwtPlot::invTransform (int axisId, int pos) const"
.PP
Transform the x or y coordinate of a position in the drawing region into a value. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaxisId\fP axis index 
.br
\fIpos\fP position 
.RE
.PP
\fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
The position can be an x or a y coordinate, depending on the specified axis. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const \fBQwtLegend\fP * QwtPlot::legend () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the plot's legend 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBinsertLegend()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBQwtLegend\fP * QwtPlot::legend ()"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the plot's legend 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBinsertLegend()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlot::legendChecked (\fBQwtPlotItem\fP * plotItem, bool on)\fC [signal]\fP"
.PP
A signal which is emitted when the user has clicked on a legend item, which is in QwtLegend::CheckableItem mode
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIplotItem\fP Corresponding plot item of the selected legend item 
.br
\fIon\fP True when the legen item is checked
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
clicks are disabled as default 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtLegend::setItemMode()\fP, \fBQwtLegend::itemMode()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlot::legendClicked (\fBQwtPlotItem\fP * plotItem)\fC [signal]\fP"
.PP
A signal which is emitted when the user has clicked on a legend item, which is in QwtLegend::ClickableItem mode.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIplotItem\fP Corresponding plot item of the selected legend item
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
clicks are disabled as default 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtLegend::setItemMode()\fP, \fBQwtLegend::itemMode()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlot::legendItemChecked (bool on)\fC [protected, virtual, slot]\fP"
.PP
Called internally when the legend has been checked Emits a \fBlegendClicked()\fP signal. 
.SS "void QwtPlot::legendItemClicked ()\fC [protected, virtual, slot]\fP"
.PP
Called internally when the legend has been clicked on. Emits a \fBlegendClicked()\fP signal. 
.SS "int QwtPlot::margin () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
margin 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetMargin()\fP, \fBQwtPlotLayout::margin()\fP, \fBplotLayout()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QSize QwtPlot::minimumSizeHint () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Return a minimum size hint. 
.PP
.SS "const \fBQwtPlotLayout\fP * QwtPlot::plotLayout () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the plot's titel label. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBQwtPlotLayout\fP * QwtPlot::plotLayout ()"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the plot's title 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlot::polish ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Polish. 
.PP
.SS "void QwtPlot::print (QPainter * painter, const QRect & plotRect, const \fBQwtPlotPrintFilter\fP & pfilter = \fC\fBQwtPlotPrintFilter\fP()\fP) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Paint the plot into a given rectangle. Paint the contents of a \fBQwtPlot\fP instance into a given rectangle. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIplotRect\fP Bounding rectangle 
.br
\fIpfilter\fP Print filter
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlotPrintFilter\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlot::print (QPaintDevice & paintDev, const \fBQwtPlotPrintFilter\fP & pfilter = \fC\fBQwtPlotPrintFilter\fP()\fP) const"
.PP
Print the plot to a \fCQPaintDevice\fP (\fCQPrinter\fP) This function prints the contents of a \fBQwtPlot\fP instance to \fCQPaintDevice\fP object. The size is derived from its device metrics. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpaintDev\fP device to paint on, often a printer 
.br
\fIpfilter\fP print filter
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlotPrintFilter\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlot::printCanvas (QPainter * painter, const QRect & boundingRect, const QRect & canvasRect, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP map[axisCnt], const \fBQwtPlotPrintFilter\fP & pfilter) const\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Print the canvas into a given rectangle.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fImap\fP Maps mapping between plot and paint device coordinates 
.br
\fIboundingRect\fP Bounding rectangle 
.br
\fIcanvasRect\fP Canvas rectangle 
.br
\fIpfilter\fP Print filter 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlotPrintFilter\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlot::printLegend (QPainter * painter, const QRect & rect) const\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Print the legend into a given rectangle.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIrect\fP Bounding rectangle 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlot::printLegendItem (QPainter * painter, const QWidget * w, const QRect & rect) const\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Print the legend item into a given rectangle.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIw\fP Widget representing a legend item 
.br
\fIrect\fP Bounding rectangle 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlot::printScale (QPainter * painter, int axisId, int startDist, int endDist, int baseDist, const QRect & rect) const\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Paint a scale into a given rectangle. Paint the scale into a given rectangle. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIaxisId\fP Axis 
.br
\fIstartDist\fP Start border distance 
.br
\fIendDist\fP End border distance 
.br
\fIbaseDist\fP Base distance 
.br
\fIrect\fP Bounding rectangle 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlot::printTitle (QPainter * painter, const QRect & rect) const\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Print the title into a given rectangle.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIrect\fP Bounding rectangle 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlot::replot ()\fC [virtual, slot]\fP"
.PP
Redraw the plot. 
.PP
If the autoReplot option is not set (which is the default) or if any curves are attached to raw data, the plot has to be refreshed explicitly in order to make changes visible.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetAutoReplot()\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
Calls \fBcanvas()\fP->repaint, take care of infinite recursions 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlot::resizeEvent (QResizeEvent * e)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Resize and update internal layout 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIe\fP Resize event 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlot::setAutoReplot (bool tf = \fCtrue\fP)"
.PP
Set or reset the autoReplot option. 
.PP
If the autoReplot option is set, the plot will be updated implicitly by manipulating member functions. Since this may be time-consuming, it is recommended to leave this option switched off and call \fBreplot()\fP explicitly if necessary.
.PP
The autoReplot option is set to false by default, which means that the user has to call \fBreplot()\fP in order to make changes visible. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItf\fP \fCtrue\fP or \fCfalse\fP. Defaults to \fCtrue\fP. 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBreplot()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlot::setAxisAutoScale (int axisId)"
.PP
Enable autoscaling for a specified axis. 
.PP
This member function is used to switch back to autoscaling mode after a fixed scale has been set. Autoscaling is enabled by default.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaxisId\fP axis index 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlot::setAxisScale()\fP, \fBQwtPlot::setAxisScaleDiv()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlot::setAxisFont (int axisId, const QFont & f)"
.PP
Change the font of an axis. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaxisId\fP axis index 
.br
\fIf\fP font 
.RE
.PP
\fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
This function changes the font of the tick labels, not of the axis title. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlot::setAxisLabelAlignment (int axisId, Qt::Alignment alignment)"
.PP
Change the alignment of the tick labels 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaxisId\fP axis index 
.br
\fIalignment\fP Or'd Qt::AlignmentFlags <see qnamespace.h> 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtScaleDraw::setLabelAlignment()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlot::setAxisLabelRotation (int axisId, double rotation)"
.PP
Rotate all tick labels 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaxisId\fP axis index 
.br
\fIrotation\fP Angle in degrees. When changing the label rotation, the label alignment might be adjusted too. 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtScaleDraw::setLabelRotation()\fP, \fBsetAxisLabelAlignment()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlot::setAxisMaxMajor (int axisId, int maxMajor)"
.PP
Set the maximum number of major scale intervals for a specified axis
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaxisId\fP axis index 
.br
\fImaxMajor\fP maximum number of major steps 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBaxisMaxMajor()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlot::setAxisMaxMinor (int axisId, int maxMinor)"
.PP
Set the maximum number of minor scale intervals for a specified axis
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaxisId\fP axis index 
.br
\fImaxMinor\fP maximum number of minor steps 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBaxisMaxMinor()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlot::setAxisScale (int axisId, double min, double max, double stepSize = \fC0\fP)"
.PP
Disable autoscaling and specify a fixed scale for a selected axis. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaxisId\fP axis index 
.br
\fImin\fP 
.br
\fImax\fP minimum and maximum of the scale 
.br
\fIstepSize\fP Major step size. If \fCstep == 0\fP, the step size is calculated automatically using the maxMajor setting. 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetAxisMaxMajor()\fP, \fBsetAxisAutoScale()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlot::setAxisScaleDiv (int axisId, const \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP & scaleDiv)"
.PP
Disable autoscaling and specify a fixed scale for a selected axis. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaxisId\fP axis index 
.br
\fIscaleDiv\fP Scale division 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetAxisScale()\fP, \fBsetAxisAutoScale()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlot::setAxisScaleDraw (int axisId, \fBQwtScaleDraw\fP * scaleDraw)"
.PP
Set a scale draw. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaxisId\fP axis index 
.br
\fIscaleDraw\fP object responsible for drawing scales.
.RE
.PP
By passing scaleDraw it is possible to extend \fBQwtScaleDraw\fP functionality and let it take place in \fBQwtPlot\fP. Please note that scaleDraw has to be created with new and will be deleted by the corresponding QwtScale member ( like a child object ).
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtScaleDraw\fP, \fBQwtScaleWidget\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
The attributes of scaleDraw will be overwritten by those of the previous \fBQwtScaleDraw\fP. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlot::setAxisScaleEngine (int axisId, \fBQwtScaleEngine\fP * scaleEngine)"
.PP
Change the scale engine for an axis
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaxisId\fP axis index 
.br
\fIscaleEngine\fP Scale engine
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBaxisScaleEngine()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlot::setAxisTitle (int axisId, const \fBQwtText\fP & title)"
.PP
Change the title of a specified axis. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaxisId\fP axis index 
.br
\fItitle\fP axis title 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlot::setAxisTitle (int axisId, const QString & title)"
.PP
Change the title of a specified axis. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaxisId\fP axis index 
.br
\fItitle\fP axis title 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlot::setCanvasBackground (const QColor & c)"
.PP
Change the background of the plotting area. 
.PP
Sets c to QColorGroup::Background of all colorgroups of the palette of the canvas. Using \fBcanvas()\fP->setPalette() is a more powerful way to set these colors. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIc\fP new background color 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlot::setCanvasLineWidth (int w)"
.PP
Change the border width of the plotting area Nothing else than \fBcanvas()\fP->setLineWidth(w), left for compatibility only. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIw\fP new border width 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlot::setMargin (int margin)"
.PP
Change the margin of the plot. The margin is the space around all components.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fImargin\fP new margin 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlotLayout::setMargin()\fP, \fBmargin()\fP, \fBplotLayout()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlot::setTitle (const \fBQwtText\fP & title)"
.PP
Change the plot's title 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItitle\fP New title 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlot::setTitle (const QString & title)"
.PP
Change the plot's title 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItitle\fP New title 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QSize QwtPlot::sizeHint () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Return sizeHint 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBminimumSizeHint()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBQwtText\fP QwtPlot::title () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the plot's title 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const \fBQwtTextLabel\fP * QwtPlot::titleLabel () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the plot's titel label. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBQwtTextLabel\fP * QwtPlot::titleLabel ()"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the plot's titel label. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int QwtPlot::transform (int axisId, double value) const"
.PP
Transform a value into a coordinate in the plotting region. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaxisId\fP axis index 
.br
\fIvalue\fP value 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
X or y coordinate in the plotting region corresponding to the value. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlot::updateAxes ()"
.PP
Rebuild the scales. 
.PP
.SS "void QwtPlot::updateLayout ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Adjust plot content to its current size. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBresizeEvent()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlot::updateTabOrder ()\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Update the focus tab order
.PP
The order is changed so that the canvas will be in front of the first legend item, or behind the last legend item - depending on the position of the legend. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
