.TH "QwtPlotZoomer" 3 "22 Mar 2009" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtPlotZoomer \- \fBQwtPlotZoomer\fP provides stacked zooming for a plot widget.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <qwt_plot_zoomer.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBQwtPlotPicker\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Slots"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBmoveBy\fP (double x, double y)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBmove\fP (double x, double y)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBzoom\fP (const QwtDoubleRect &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBzoom\fP (int up)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Signals"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBzoomed\fP (const QwtDoubleRect &rect)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlotZoomer\fP (\fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP *, bool doReplot=true)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlotZoomer\fP (int xAxis, int yAxis, \fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP *, bool doReplot=true)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlotZoomer\fP (int xAxis, int yAxis, int selectionFlags, \fBDisplayMode\fP trackerMode, \fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP *, bool doReplot=true)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetZoomBase\fP (bool doReplot=true)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetZoomBase\fP (const QwtDoubleRect &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QwtDoubleRect \fBzoomBase\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QwtDoubleRect \fBzoomRect\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetAxis\fP (int xAxis, int yAxis)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetMaxStackDepth\fP (int)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmaxStackDepth\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const QStack< QwtDoubleRect > & \fBzoomStack\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetZoomStack\fP (const QStack< QwtDoubleRect > &, int zoomRectIndex=-1)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "uint \fBzoomRectIndex\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetSelectionFlags\fP (int)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBrescale\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QwtDoubleSize \fBminZoomSize\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBwidgetMouseReleaseEvent\fP (QMouseEvent *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBwidgetKeyPressEvent\fP (QKeyEvent *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBbegin\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBend\fP (bool ok=true)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBaccept\fP (QwtPolygon &) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBQwtPlotZoomer\fP provides stacked zooming for a plot widget. 

\fBQwtPlotZoomer\fP offers rubberband selections on the plot canvas, translating the selected rectangles into plot coordinates and adjusting the axes to them. Zooming can repeated as often as possible, limited only by \fBmaxStackDepth()\fP or \fBminZoomSize()\fP. Each rectangle is pushed on a stack.
.PP
Zoom rectangles can be selected depending on \fBselectionFlags()\fP using the mouse or keyboard (\fBQwtEventPattern\fP, \fBQwtPickerMachine\fP). QwtEventPattern::MouseSelect3/QwtEventPatternKeyUndo, or QwtEventPattern::MouseSelect6/QwtEventPatternKeyRedo walk up and down the zoom stack. QwtEventPattern::MouseSelect2 or QwtEventPattern::KeyHome unzoom to the initial size.
.PP
\fBQwtPlotZoomer\fP is tailored for plots with one x and y axis, but it is allowed to attach a second \fBQwtPlotZoomer\fP for the other axes.
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
The realtime example includes an derived zoomer class that adds scrollbars to the plot canvas. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtPlotZoomer::QwtPlotZoomer (\fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP * canvas, bool doReplot = \fCtrue\fP)\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
Create a zoomer for a plot canvas. 
.PP
The zoomer is set to those x- and y-axis of the parent plot of the canvas that are enabled. If both or no x-axis are enabled, the picker is set to QwtPlot::xBottom. If both or no y-axis are enabled, it is set to QwtPlot::yLeft.
.PP
The \fBselectionFlags()\fP are set to QwtPicker::RectSelection & QwtPicker::ClickSelection, the tracker mode to QwtPicker::ActiveOnly.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcanvas\fP Plot canvas to observe, also the parent object 
.br
\fIdoReplot\fP Call replot for the attached plot before initializing the zoomer with its scales. This might be necessary, when the plot is in a state with pending scale changes.
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlot::autoReplot()\fP, \fBQwtPlot::replot()\fP, \fBsetZoomBase()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QwtPlotZoomer::QwtPlotZoomer (int xAxis, int yAxis, \fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP * canvas, bool doReplot = \fCtrue\fP)\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
Create a zoomer for a plot canvas. 
.PP
The \fBselectionFlags()\fP are set to QwtPicker::RectSelection & QwtPicker::ClickSelection, the tracker mode to QwtPicker::ActiveOnly.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxAxis\fP X axis of the zoomer 
.br
\fIyAxis\fP Y axis of the zoomer 
.br
\fIcanvas\fP Plot canvas to observe, also the parent object 
.br
\fIdoReplot\fP Call replot for the attached plot before initializing the zoomer with its scales. This might be necessary, when the plot is in a state with pending scale changes.
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlot::autoReplot()\fP, \fBQwtPlot::replot()\fP, \fBsetZoomBase()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QwtPlotZoomer::QwtPlotZoomer (int xAxis, int yAxis, int selectionFlags, \fBDisplayMode\fP trackerMode, \fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP * canvas, bool doReplot = \fCtrue\fP)\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
Create a zoomer for a plot canvas.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxAxis\fP X axis of the zoomer 
.br
\fIyAxis\fP Y axis of the zoomer 
.br
\fIselectionFlags\fP Or'd value of \fBQwtPicker::RectSelectionType\fP and \fBQwtPicker::SelectionMode\fP. QwtPicker::RectSelection will be auto added. 
.br
\fItrackerMode\fP Tracker mode 
.br
\fIcanvas\fP Plot canvas to observe, also the parent object 
.br
\fIdoReplot\fP Call replot for the attached plot before initializing the zoomer with its scales. This might be necessary, when the plot is in a state with pending scale changes.
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPicker\fP, \fBQwtPicker::setSelectionFlags()\fP, \fBQwtPicker::setRubberBand()\fP, \fBQwtPicker::setTrackerMode()\fP
.PP
\fBQwtPlot::autoReplot()\fP, \fBQwtPlot::replot()\fP, \fBsetZoomBase()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "bool QwtPlotZoomer::accept (QwtPolygon & pa) const\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Check and correct a selected rectangle. 
.PP
Reject rectangles with a hight or width < 2, otherwise expand the selected rectangle to a minimum size of 11x11 and accept it.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true If rect is accepted, or has been changed to a accepted rectangle. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtPicker\fP.
.SS "void QwtPlotZoomer::begin ()\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Rejects selections, when the stack depth is too deep, or the zoomed rectangle is \fBminZoomSize()\fP.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBminZoomSize()\fP, \fBmaxStackDepth()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtPicker\fP.
.SS "bool QwtPlotZoomer::end (bool ok = \fCtrue\fP)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Expand the selected rectangle to \fBminZoomSize()\fP and zoom in if accepted.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBaccept()\fP, \fBminZoomSize()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtPlotPicker\fP.
.SS "int QwtPlotZoomer::maxStackDepth () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Maximal depth of the zoom stack. 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetMaxStackDepth()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QwtDoubleSize QwtPlotZoomer::minZoomSize () const\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Limit zooming by a minimum rectangle. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBzoomBase()\fP.width() / 10e4, \fBzoomBase()\fP.height() / 10e4 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotZoomer::move (double x, double y)\fC [virtual, slot]\fP"
.PP
Move the the current zoom rectangle.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIx\fP X value 
.br
\fIy\fP Y value
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
QwtDoubleRect::move() 
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
The changed rectangle is limited by the zoom base 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotZoomer::moveBy (double dx, double dy)\fC [slot]\fP"
.PP
Move the current zoom rectangle.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIdx\fP X offset 
.br
\fIdy\fP Y offset
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
The changed rectangle is limited by the zoom base 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotZoomer::rescale ()\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Adjust the observed plot to \fBzoomRect()\fP
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
Initiates \fBQwtPlot::replot\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotZoomer::setAxis (int xAxis, int yAxis)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Reinitialize the axes, and set the zoom base to their scales.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxAxis\fP X axis 
.br
\fIyAxis\fP Y axis 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtPlotPicker\fP.
.SS "void QwtPlotZoomer::setMaxStackDepth (int depth)"
.PP
Limit the number of recursive zoom operations to depth. 
.PP
A value of -1 set the depth to unlimited, 0 disables zooming. If the current zoom rectangle is below depth, the plot is unzoomed.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIdepth\fP Maximum for the stack depth 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBmaxStackDepth()\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
depth doesn't include the zoom base, so \fBzoomStack()\fP.count() might be \fBmaxStackDepth()\fP + 1. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotZoomer::setSelectionFlags (int flags)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Set the selection flags
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIflags\fP Or'd value of \fBQwtPicker::RectSelectionType\fP and \fBQwtPicker::SelectionMode\fP. The default value is QwtPicker::RectSelection & QwtPicker::ClickSelection.
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBselectionFlags()\fP, \fBSelectionType\fP, \fBRectSelectionType\fP, \fBSelectionMode\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
QwtPicker::RectSelection will be auto added. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtPicker\fP.
.SS "void QwtPlotZoomer::setZoomBase (const QwtDoubleRect & base)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Set the initial size of the zoomer. 
.PP
base is united with the current \fBscaleRect()\fP and the zoom stack is reinitalized with it as zoom base. plot is zoomed to \fBscaleRect()\fP.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbase\fP Zoom base
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBzoomBase()\fP, \fBscaleRect()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotZoomer::setZoomBase (bool doReplot = \fCtrue\fP)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Reinitialized the zoom stack with \fBscaleRect()\fP as base.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIdoReplot\fP Call replot for the attached plot before initializing the zoomer with its scales. This might be necessary, when the plot is in a state with pending scale changes.
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBzoomBase()\fP, \fBscaleRect()\fP \fBQwtPlot::autoReplot()\fP, \fBQwtPlot::replot()\fP. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotZoomer::widgetKeyPressEvent (QKeyEvent * ke)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Qt::Key_Plus zooms out, Qt::Key_Minus zooms in one position on the zoom stack, Qt::Key_Escape zooms out to the zoom base.
.PP
Changes the current position on the stack, but doesn't pop any rectangle.
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
The keys codes can be changed, using \fBQwtEventPattern::setKeyPattern\fP: 3, 4, 5 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtPicker\fP.
.SS "void QwtPlotZoomer::widgetMouseReleaseEvent (QMouseEvent * me)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Qt::MidButton zooms out one position on the zoom stack, Qt::RightButton to the zoom base.
.PP
Changes the current position on the stack, but doesn't pop any rectangle.
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
The mouse events can be changed, using \fBQwtEventPattern::setMousePattern\fP: 2, 1 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtPicker\fP.
.SS "void QwtPlotZoomer::zoom (int offset)\fC [virtual, slot]\fP"
.PP
Zoom in or out. 
.PP
Activate a rectangle on the zoom stack with an offset relative to the current position. Negative values of offest will zoom out, positive zoom in. A value of 0 zooms out to the zoom base.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIoffset\fP Offset relative to the current position of the zoom stack. 
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
The zoomed signal is emitted. 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBzoomRectIndex()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotZoomer::zoom (const QwtDoubleRect & rect)\fC [virtual, slot]\fP"
.PP
Zoom in. 
.PP
Clears all rectangles above the current position of the zoom stack and pushs the intersection of \fBzoomRect()\fP and the normalized rect on it.
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
If the maximal stack depth is reached, zoom is ignored. 
.PP
The zoomed signal is emitted. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QwtDoubleRect QwtPlotZoomer::zoomBase () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Initial rectangle of the zoomer 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetZoomBase()\fP, \fBzoomRect()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotZoomer::zoomed (const QwtDoubleRect & rect)\fC [signal]\fP"
.PP
A signal emitting the \fBzoomRect()\fP, when the plot has been zoomed in or out.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIrect\fP Current zoom rectangle. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QwtDoubleRect QwtPlotZoomer::zoomRect () const"
.PP
Rectangle at the current position on the zoom stack.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBzoomRectIndex()\fP, \fBscaleRect()\fP. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "uint QwtPlotZoomer::zoomRectIndex () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Index of current position of zoom stack. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const QwtZoomStack & QwtPlotZoomer::zoomStack () const"
.PP
Return the zoom stack. \fBzoomStack()\fP[0] is the zoom base, \fBzoomStack()\fP[1] the first zoomed rectangle.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
setZoomStack(), \fBzoomRectIndex()\fP 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
