.TH "QwtPlotSpectrogram" 3 "22 Mar 2009" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtPlotSpectrogram \- A plot item, which displays a spectrogram.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <qwt_plot_spectrogram.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBQwtPlotRasterItem\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBDisplayMode\fP { \fBImageMode\fP =  1, \fBContourMode\fP =  2 }"
.br
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlotSpectrogram\fP (const QString &title=QString::null)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~QwtPlotSpectrogram\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetDisplayMode\fP (\fBDisplayMode\fP, bool on=true)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBtestDisplayMode\fP (\fBDisplayMode\fP) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetData\fP (const \fBQwtRasterData\fP &data)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtRasterData\fP & \fBdata\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetColorMap\fP (const \fBQwtColorMap\fP &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtColorMap\fP & \fBcolorMap\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QwtDoubleRect \fBboundingRect\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QSize \fBrasterHint\fP (const QwtDoubleRect &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetDefaultContourPen\fP (const QPen &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QPen \fBdefaultContourPen\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QPen \fBcontourPen\fP (double level) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetConrecAttribute\fP (\fBQwtRasterData::ConrecAttribute\fP, bool on)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBtestConrecAttribute\fP (\fBQwtRasterData::ConrecAttribute\fP) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetContourLevels\fP (const QwtValueList &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QwtValueList \fBcontourLevels\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBrtti\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdraw\fP (QPainter *p, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &yMap, const QRect &rect) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QImage \fBrenderImage\fP (const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &yMap, const QwtDoubleRect &rect) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QSize \fBcontourRasterSize\fP (const QwtDoubleRect &, const QRect &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QwtRasterData::ContourLines \fBrenderContourLines\fP (const QwtDoubleRect &rect, const QSize &raster) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdrawContourLines\fP (QPainter *p, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &yMap, const QwtRasterData::ContourLines &lines) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A plot item, which displays a spectrogram. 

A spectrogram displays threedimenional data, where the 3rd dimension ( the intensity ) is displayed using colors. The colors are calculated from the values using a color map.
.PP
In ContourMode contour lines are painted for the contour levels.
.PP
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtRasterData\fP, \fBQwtColorMap\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Enumeration Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBQwtPlotSpectrogram::DisplayMode\fP"
.PP
The display mode controls how the raster data will be represented.
.IP "\(bu" 2
ImageMode
.br
 The values are mapped to colors using a color map.
.IP "\(bu" 2
ContourMode
.br
 The data is displayed using contour lines
.PP
.PP
When both modes are enabled the contour lines are painted on top of the spectrogram. The default setting enables ImageMode.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetDisplayMode()\fP, \fBtestDisplayMode()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtPlotSpectrogram::QwtPlotSpectrogram (const QString & title = \fCQString::null\fP)\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
Sets the following item attributes:
.IP "\(bu" 2
QwtPlotItem::AutoScale: true
.IP "\(bu" 2
QwtPlotItem::Legend: false
.PP
.PP
The z value is initialized by 8.0.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItitle\fP Title
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlotItem::setItemAttribute()\fP, \fBQwtPlotItem::setZ()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QwtPlotSpectrogram::~QwtPlotSpectrogram ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtDoubleRect QwtPlotSpectrogram::boundingRect () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Bounding rect of the data 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtRasterData::boundingRect()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtPlotItem\fP.
.SS "const \fBQwtColorMap\fP & QwtPlotSpectrogram::colorMap () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Color Map used for mapping the intensity values to colors 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetColorMap()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QwtValueList QwtPlotSpectrogram::contourLevels () const"
.PP
Return the levels of the contour lines. 
.PP
The levels are sorted in increasing order.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBcontourLevels()\fP, \fBrenderContourLines()\fP, \fBQwtRasterData::contourLines()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QPen QwtPlotSpectrogram::contourPen (double level) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Calculate the pen for a contour line. 
.PP
The color of the pen is the color for level calculated by the color map
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIlevel\fP Contour level 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Pen for the contour line 
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
contourPen is only used if \fBdefaultContourPen()\fP.style() == Qt::NoPen
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetDefaultContourPen()\fP, \fBsetColorMap()\fP, \fBsetContourLevels()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QSize QwtPlotSpectrogram::contourRasterSize (const QwtDoubleRect & area, const QRect & rect) const\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Return the raster to be used by the CONREC contour algorithm. 
.PP
A larger size will improve the precisision of the CONREC algorithm, but will slow down the time that is needed to calculate the lines.
.PP
The default implementation returns rect.size() / 2 bounded to \fBdata()\fP.\fBrasterHint()\fP.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIarea\fP Rect, where to calculate the contour lines 
.br
\fIrect\fP Rect in pixel coordinates, where to paint the contour lines 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Raster to be used by the CONREC contour algorithm.
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
The size will be bounded to rect.size().
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBdrawContourLines()\fP, \fBQwtRasterData::contourLines()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const \fBQwtRasterData\fP & QwtPlotSpectrogram::data () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Spectrogram data 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetData()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QPen QwtPlotSpectrogram::defaultContourPen () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Default contour pen 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetDefaultContourPen()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotSpectrogram::draw (QPainter * painter, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & yMap, const QRect & canvasRect) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Draw the spectrogram. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIxMap\fP Maps x-values into pixel coordinates. 
.br
\fIyMap\fP Maps y-values into pixel coordinates. 
.br
\fIcanvasRect\fP Contents rect of the canvas in painter coordinates
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetDisplayMode()\fP, \fBrenderImage()\fP, \fBQwtPlotRasterItem::draw()\fP, \fBdrawContourLines()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtPlotRasterItem\fP.
.SS "void QwtPlotSpectrogram::drawContourLines (QPainter * painter, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & yMap, const QwtRasterData::ContourLines & contourLines) const\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Paint the contour lines
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIxMap\fP Maps x-values into pixel coordinates. 
.br
\fIyMap\fP Maps y-values into pixel coordinates. 
.br
\fIcontourLines\fP Contour lines
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBrenderContourLines()\fP, \fBdefaultContourPen()\fP, \fBcontourPen()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QSize QwtPlotSpectrogram::rasterHint (const QwtDoubleRect & rect) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Returns the recommended raster for a given rect. 
.PP
F.e the raster hint is used to limit the resolution of the image that is rendered.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIrect\fP Rect for the raster hint 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBdata()\fP.rasterHint(rect) 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtPlotRasterItem\fP.
.SS "QwtRasterData::ContourLines QwtPlotSpectrogram::renderContourLines (const QwtDoubleRect & rect, const QSize & raster) const\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Calculate contour lines
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIrect\fP Rectangle, where to calculate the contour lines 
.br
\fIraster\fP Raster, used by the CONREC algorithm
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBcontourLevels()\fP, \fBsetConrecAttribute()\fP, \fBQwtRasterData::contourLines()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QImage QwtPlotSpectrogram::renderImage (const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & yMap, const QwtDoubleRect & area) const\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Render an image from the data and color map. 
.PP
The area is translated into a rect of the paint device. For each pixel of this rect the intensity is mapped into a color.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxMap\fP X-Scale Map 
.br
\fIyMap\fP Y-Scale Map 
.br
\fIarea\fP Area that should be rendered in scale coordinates.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A QImage::Format_Indexed8 or QImage::Format_ARGB32 depending on the color map.
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
QwtRasterData::intensity(), \fBQwtColorMap::rgb()\fP, \fBQwtColorMap::colorIndex()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBQwtPlotRasterItem\fP.
.SS "int QwtPlotSpectrogram::rtti () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
QwtPlotItem::Rtti_PlotSpectrogram 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtPlotItem\fP.
.SS "void QwtPlotSpectrogram::setColorMap (const \fBQwtColorMap\fP & colorMap)"
.PP
Change the color map
.PP
Often it is useful to display the mapping between intensities and colors as an additional plot axis, showing a color bar.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcolorMap\fP Color Map
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBcolorMap()\fP, QwtScaleWidget::setColorBarEnabled(), QwtScaleWidget::setColorMap() 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotSpectrogram::setConrecAttribute (\fBQwtRasterData::ConrecAttribute\fP attribute, bool on)"
.PP
Modify an attribute of the CONREC algorithm, used to calculate the contour lines.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIattribute\fP CONREC attribute 
.br
\fIon\fP On/Off
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBtestConrecAttribute()\fP, \fBrenderContourLines()\fP, \fBQwtRasterData::contourLines()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotSpectrogram::setContourLevels (const QwtValueList & levels)"
.PP
Set the levels of the contour lines
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIlevels\fP Values of the contour levels 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBcontourLevels()\fP, \fBrenderContourLines()\fP, \fBQwtRasterData::contourLines()\fP
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
contourLevels returns the same levels but sorted. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotSpectrogram::setData (const \fBQwtRasterData\fP & data)"
.PP
Set the data to be displayed
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIdata\fP Spectrogram Data 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBdata()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotSpectrogram::setDefaultContourPen (const QPen & pen)"
.PP
Set the default pen for the contour lines. 
.PP
If the spectrogram has a valid default contour pen a contour line is painted using the default contour pen. Otherwise (pen.style() == Qt::NoPen) the pen is calculated for each contour level using \fBcontourPen()\fP.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBdefaultContourPen()\fP, \fBcontourPen()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotSpectrogram::setDisplayMode (\fBDisplayMode\fP mode, bool on = \fCtrue\fP)"
.PP
The display mode controls how the raster data will be represented.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fImode\fP Display mode 
.br
\fIon\fP On/Off
.RE
.PP
The default setting enables ImageMode.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBDisplayMode\fP, displayMode() 
.RE
.PP

.SS "bool QwtPlotSpectrogram::testConrecAttribute (\fBQwtRasterData::ConrecAttribute\fP attribute) const"
.PP
Test an attribute of the CONREC algorithm, used to calculate the contour lines.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIattribute\fP CONREC attribute 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true, is enabled
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetConrecAttribute()\fP, \fBrenderContourLines()\fP, \fBQwtRasterData::contourLines()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "bool QwtPlotSpectrogram::testDisplayMode (\fBDisplayMode\fP mode) const"
.PP
The display mode controls how the raster data will be represented.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fImode\fP Display mode 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if mode is enabled 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
