.TH "QwtPlotPicker" 3 "22 Mar 2009" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtPlotPicker \- \fBQwtPlotPicker\fP provides selections on a plot canvas.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <qwt_plot_picker.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBQwtPicker\fP.
.PP
Inherited by \fBQwtPlotZoomer\fP.
.PP
.SS "Signals"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBselected\fP (const QwtDoublePoint &pos)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBselected\fP (const QwtDoubleRect &rect)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBselected\fP (const QwtArray< QwtDoublePoint > &pa)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBappended\fP (const QwtDoublePoint &pos)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBmoved\fP (const QwtDoublePoint &pos)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlotPicker\fP (\fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~QwtPlotPicker\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlotPicker\fP (int xAxis, int yAxis, \fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlotPicker\fP (int xAxis, int yAxis, int selectionFlags, \fBRubberBand\fP rubberBand, \fBDisplayMode\fP trackerMode, \fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetAxis\fP (int xAxis, int yAxis)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBxAxis\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fByAxis\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlot\fP * \fBplot\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtPlot\fP * \fBplot\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP * \fBcanvas\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP * \fBcanvas\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "QwtDoubleRect \fBscaleRect\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QwtDoubleRect \fBinvTransform\fP (const QRect &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QRect \fBtransform\fP (const QwtDoubleRect &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QwtDoublePoint \fBinvTransform\fP (const QPoint &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QPoint \fBtransform\fP (const QwtDoublePoint &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBQwtText\fP \fBtrackerText\fP (const QPoint &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBQwtText\fP \fBtrackerText\fP (const QwtDoublePoint &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBmove\fP (const QPoint &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBappend\fP (const QPoint &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBend\fP (bool ok=true)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBQwtPlotPicker\fP provides selections on a plot canvas. 

\fBQwtPlotPicker\fP is a \fBQwtPicker\fP tailored for selections on a plot canvas. It is set to a x-Axis and y-Axis and translates all pixel coordinates into this coodinate system. 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtPlotPicker::QwtPlotPicker (\fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP * canvas)\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
Create a plot picker. 
.PP
The picker is set to those x- and y-axis of the plot that are enabled. If both or no x-axis are enabled, the picker is set to QwtPlot::xBottom. If both or no y-axis are enabled, it is set to QwtPlot::yLeft.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcanvas\fP Plot canvas to observe, also the parent object
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlot::autoReplot()\fP, \fBQwtPlot::replot()\fP, \fBQwtPlotPicker::scaleRect()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QwtPlotPicker::~QwtPlotPicker ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.PP
.SS "QwtPlotPicker::QwtPlotPicker (int xAxis, int yAxis, \fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP * canvas)\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
Create a plot picker
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxAxis\fP Set the x axis of the picker 
.br
\fIyAxis\fP Set the y axis of the picker 
.br
\fIcanvas\fP Plot canvas to observe, also the parent object
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlot::autoReplot()\fP, \fBQwtPlot::replot()\fP, \fBQwtPlotPicker::scaleRect()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QwtPlotPicker::QwtPlotPicker (int xAxis, int yAxis, int selectionFlags, \fBRubberBand\fP rubberBand, \fBDisplayMode\fP trackerMode, \fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP * canvas)\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
Create a plot picker
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxAxis\fP X axis of the picker 
.br
\fIyAxis\fP Y axis of the picker 
.br
\fIselectionFlags\fP Or'd value of SelectionType, RectSelectionType and SelectionMode 
.br
\fIrubberBand\fP Rubberband style 
.br
\fItrackerMode\fP Tracker mode 
.br
\fIcanvas\fP Plot canvas to observe, also the parent object
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPicker\fP, \fBQwtPicker::setSelectionFlags()\fP, \fBQwtPicker::setRubberBand()\fP, \fBQwtPicker::setTrackerMode\fP
.PP
\fBQwtPlot::autoReplot()\fP, \fBQwtPlot::replot()\fP, \fBQwtPlotPicker::scaleRect()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void QwtPlotPicker::append (const QPoint & pos)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Append a point to the selection and update rubberband and tracker.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpos\fP Additional point 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBisActive\fP, \fBbegin()\fP, \fBend()\fP, \fBmove()\fP, \fBappended()\fP
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
The \fBappended(const QPoint &)\fP, appended(const QDoublePoint &) signals are emitted. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtPicker\fP.
.SS "void QwtPlotPicker::appended (const QwtDoublePoint & pos)\fC [signal]\fP"
.PP
A signal emitted when a point has been appended to the selection
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpos\fP Position of the appended point. 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBappend()\fP. \fBmoved()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const \fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP * QwtPlotPicker::canvas () const"
.PP
Return Observed plot canvas. 
.PP
.SS "\fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP * QwtPlotPicker::canvas ()"
.PP
Return observed plot canvas. 
.PP
.SS "bool QwtPlotPicker::end (bool ok = \fCtrue\fP)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Close a selection setting the state to inactive.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIok\fP If true, complete the selection and emit selected signals otherwise discard the selection. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if the selection is accepted, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtPicker\fP.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBQwtPlotZoomer\fP.
.SS "QwtDoublePoint QwtPlotPicker::invTransform (const QPoint & pos) const\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Translate a point from pixel into plot coordinates 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Point in plot coordinates 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlotPicker::transform()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QwtDoubleRect QwtPlotPicker::invTransform (const QRect & rect) const\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Translate a rectangle from pixel into plot coordinates
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Rectangle in plot coordinates 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlotPicker::transform()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotPicker::move (const QPoint & pos)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Move the last point of the selection
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpos\fP New position 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBisActive\fP, \fBbegin()\fP, \fBend()\fP, \fBappend()\fP
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
The \fBmoved(const QPoint &)\fP, moved(const QDoublePoint &) signals are emitted. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtPicker\fP.
.SS "void QwtPlotPicker::moved (const QwtDoublePoint & pos)\fC [signal]\fP"
.PP
A signal emitted whenever the last appended point of the selection has been moved.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpos\fP Position of the moved last point of the selection. 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBmove()\fP, \fBappended()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const \fBQwtPlot\fP * QwtPlotPicker::plot () const"
.PP
Return plot widget, containing the observed plot canvas. 
.PP
.SS "\fBQwtPlot\fP * QwtPlotPicker::plot ()"
.PP
Return plot widget, containing the observed plot canvas. 
.PP
.SS "QwtDoubleRect QwtPlotPicker::scaleRect () const\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Return normalized bounding rect of the axes
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlot::autoReplot()\fP, \fBQwtPlot::replot()\fP. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotPicker::selected (const QwtArray< QwtDoublePoint > & pa)\fC [signal]\fP"
.PP
A signal emitting the selected points, at the end of a selection.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpa\fP Selected points 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotPicker::selected (const QwtDoubleRect & rect)\fC [signal]\fP"
.PP
A signal emitted in case of \fBselectionFlags()\fP & RectSelection. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIrect\fP Selected rectangle 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotPicker::selected (const QwtDoublePoint & pos)\fC [signal]\fP"
.PP
A signal emitted in case of \fBselectionFlags()\fP & PointSelection. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpos\fP Selected point 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotPicker::setAxis (int xAxis, int yAxis)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Set the x and y axes of the picker
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxAxis\fP X axis 
.br
\fIyAxis\fP Y axis 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented in \fBQwtPlotZoomer\fP.
.SS "\fBQwtText\fP QwtPlotPicker::trackerText (const QwtDoublePoint & pos) const\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Translate a position into a position string. 
.PP
In case of HLineRubberBand the label is the value of the y position, in case of VLineRubberBand the value of the x position. Otherwise the label contains x and y position separated by a ',' .
.PP
The format for the double to string conversion is '%.4f'.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpos\fP Position 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Position string 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBQwtText\fP QwtPlotPicker::trackerText (const QPoint & pos) const\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Translate a pixel position into a position string
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpos\fP Position in pixel coordinates 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Position string 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtPicker\fP.
.SS "QPoint QwtPlotPicker::transform (const QwtDoublePoint & pos) const\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Translate a point from plot into pixel coordinates 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Point in pixel coordinates 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlotPicker::invTransform()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QRect QwtPlotPicker::transform (const QwtDoubleRect & rect) const\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Translate a rectangle from plot into pixel coordinates 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Rectangle in pixel coordinates 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlotPicker::invTransform()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int QwtPlotPicker::xAxis () const"
.PP
Return x axis. 
.PP
.SS "int QwtPlotPicker::yAxis () const"
.PP
Return y axis. 
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
