.TH "QwtPlotLayout" 3 "22 Mar 2009" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtPlotLayout \- Layout engine for \fBQwtPlot\fP.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <qwt_plot_layout.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBOptions\fP { \fBAlignScales\fP =  1, \fBIgnoreScrollbars\fP =  2, \fBIgnoreFrames\fP =  4, \fBIgnoreMargin\fP =  8, \fBIgnoreLegend\fP =  16 }"
.br
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlotLayout\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~QwtPlotLayout\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetMargin\fP (int)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmargin\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetCanvasMargin\fP (int margin, int axis=-1)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcanvasMargin\fP (int axis) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetAlignCanvasToScales\fP (bool)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBalignCanvasToScales\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetSpacing\fP (int)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBspacing\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetLegendPosition\fP (\fBQwtPlot::LegendPosition\fP pos, double ratio)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetLegendPosition\fP (\fBQwtPlot::LegendPosition\fP pos)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlot::LegendPosition\fP \fBlegendPosition\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetLegendRatio\fP (double ratio)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBlegendRatio\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QSize \fBminimumSizeHint\fP (const \fBQwtPlot\fP *) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBactivate\fP (const \fBQwtPlot\fP *, const QRect &rect, int options=0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBinvalidate\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const QRect & \fBtitleRect\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const QRect & \fBlegendRect\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const QRect & \fBscaleRect\fP (int axis) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const QRect & \fBcanvasRect\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "QRect \fBlayoutLegend\fP (int options, const QRect &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QRect \fBalignLegend\fP (const QRect &canvasRect, const QRect &legendRect) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBexpandLineBreaks\fP (int options, const QRect &rect, int &dimTitle, int dimAxes[QwtPlot::axisCnt]) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBalignScales\fP (int options, QRect &canvasRect, QRect scaleRect[QwtPlot::axisCnt]) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Layout engine for \fBQwtPlot\fP. 

It is used by the \fBQwtPlot\fP widget to organize its internal widgets or by \fBQwtPlot::print()\fP to render its content to a QPaintDevice like a QPrinter, QPixmap/QImage or QSvgRenderer. 
.SH "Member Enumeration Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBQwtPlotLayout::Options\fP"
.PP
Options to configure the plot layout engine
.PP
.IP "\(bu" 2
AlignScales
.br
 Unused
.IP "\(bu" 2
IgnoreScrollbars
.br
 Ignore the dimension of the scrollbars. There are no scrollbars, when the plot is rendered to a paint device (\fBQwtPlot::print()\fP ).
.IP "\(bu" 2
IgnoreFrames
.br
 Ignore all frames. \fBQwtPlot::print()\fP doesn't paint them.
.IP "\(bu" 2
IgnoreMargin
.br
 Ignore the \fBmargin()\fP.
.IP "\(bu" 2
IgnoreLegend
.br
 Ignore the legend.
.PP
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBactivate()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtPlotLayout::QwtPlotLayout ()\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
.SS "QwtPlotLayout::~QwtPlotLayout ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void QwtPlotLayout::activate (const \fBQwtPlot\fP * plot, const QRect & plotRect, int options = \fC0\fP)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Recalculate the geometry of all components. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIplot\fP Plot to be layout 
.br
\fIplotRect\fP Rect where to place the components 
.br
\fIoptions\fP Options
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBinvalidate()\fP, \fBOptions\fP, \fBtitleRect()\fP, \fBlegendRect()\fP, \fBscaleRect()\fP, \fBcanvasRect()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "bool QwtPlotLayout::alignCanvasToScales () const"
.PP
Return the align-canvas-to-axis-scales setting. The canvas may:
.IP "\(bu" 2
extend beyond the axis scale ends to maximize its size
.IP "\(bu" 2
align with the axis scale ends to control its size.
.PP
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
align-canvas-to-axis-scales setting 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetAlignCanvasToScales\fP, \fBsetCanvasMargin()\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
In this context the term 'scale' means the backbone of a scale. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QRect QwtPlotLayout::alignLegend (const QRect & canvasRect, const QRect & legendRect) const\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Align the legend to the canvas 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcanvasRect\fP Geometry of the canvas 
.br
\fIlegendRect\fP Maximum geometry for the legend 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Geometry for the aligned legend 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotLayout::alignScales (int options, QRect & canvasRect, QRect scaleRect[QwtPlot::axisCnt]) const\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Align the ticks of the axis to the canvas borders using the empty corners.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBOptions\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int QwtPlotLayout::canvasMargin (int axis) const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Margin around the scale tick borders 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetCanvasMargin()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const QRect & QwtPlotLayout::canvasRect () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Geometry for the canvas 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBactivate()\fP, \fBinvalidate()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotLayout::expandLineBreaks (int options, const QRect & rect, int & dimTitle, int dimAxis[QwtPlot::axisCnt]) const\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Expand all line breaks in text labels, and calculate the height of their widgets in orientation of the text.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIoptions\fP Options how to layout the legend 
.br
\fIrect\fP Bounding rect for title, axes and canvas. 
.br
\fIdimTitle\fP Expanded height of the title widget 
.br
\fIdimAxis\fP Expanded heights of the axis in axis orientation.
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBOptions\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotLayout::invalidate ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Invalidate the geometry of all components. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBactivate()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QRect QwtPlotLayout::layoutLegend (int options, const QRect & rect) const\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Find the geometry for the legend 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIoptions\fP Options how to layout the legend 
.br
\fIrect\fP Rectangle where to place the legend 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Geometry for the legend 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBOptions\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBQwtPlot::LegendPosition\fP QwtPlotLayout::legendPosition () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Position of the legend 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetLegendPosition()\fP, QwtPlot::setLegendPosition(), QwtPlot::legendPosition() 
.RE
.PP

.SS "double QwtPlotLayout::legendRatio () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The relative size of the legend in the plot. 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetLegendPosition()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const QRect & QwtPlotLayout::legendRect () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Geometry for the legend 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBactivate()\fP, \fBinvalidate()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int QwtPlotLayout::margin () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
margin 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetMargin()\fP, \fBspacing()\fP, \fBQwtPlot::margin()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QSize QwtPlotLayout::minimumSizeHint (const \fBQwtPlot\fP * plot) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Return a minimum size hint. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlot::minimumSizeHint()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const QRect & QwtPlotLayout::scaleRect (int axis) const"
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaxis\fP Axis index 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Geometry for the scale 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBactivate()\fP, \fBinvalidate()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotLayout::setAlignCanvasToScales (bool alignCanvasToScales)"
.PP
Change the align-canvas-to-axis-scales setting. The canvas may:
.IP "\(bu" 2
extend beyond the axis scale ends to maximize its size,
.IP "\(bu" 2
align with the axis scale ends to control its size.
.PP
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIalignCanvasToScales\fP New align-canvas-to-axis-scales setting
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetCanvasMargin()\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
In this context the term 'scale' means the backbone of a scale. 
.RE
.PP
\fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
In case of alignCanvasToScales == true canvasMargin will have no effect 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotLayout::setCanvasMargin (int margin, int axis = \fC-1\fP)"
.PP
Change a margin of the canvas. The margin is the space above/below the scale ticks. A negative margin will be set to -1, excluding the borders of the scales.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fImargin\fP New margin 
.br
\fIaxis\fP One of \fBQwtPlot::Axis\fP. Specifies where the position of the margin. -1 means margin at all borders. 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBcanvasMargin()\fP
.RE
.PP
\fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
The margin will have no effect when alignCanvasToScales is true 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotLayout::setLegendPosition (\fBQwtPlot::LegendPosition\fP pos)"
.PP
Specify the position of the legend. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpos\fP The legend's position. Valid values are \fCQwtPlot::LeftLegend\fP, \fCQwtPlot::RightLegend\fP, \fCQwtPlot::TopLegend\fP, \fCQwtPlot::BottomLegend\fP.
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
QwtPlot::setLegendPosition() 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotLayout::setLegendPosition (\fBQwtPlot::LegendPosition\fP pos, double ratio)"
.PP
Specify the position of the legend. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpos\fP The legend's position. 
.br
\fIratio\fP Ratio between legend and the bounding rect of title, canvas and axes. The legend will be shrinked if it would need more space than the given ratio. The ratio is limited to ]0.0 .. 1.0]. In case of <= 0.0 it will be reset to the default ratio. The default vertical/horizontal ratio is 0.33/0.5.
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
QwtPlot::setLegendPosition() 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotLayout::setLegendRatio (double ratio)"
.PP
Specify the relative size of the legend in the plot 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIratio\fP Ratio between legend and the bounding rect of title, canvas and axes. The legend will be shrinked if it would need more space than the given ratio. The ratio is limited to ]0.0 .. 1.0]. In case of <= 0.0 it will be reset to the default ratio. The default vertical/horizontal ratio is 0.33/0.5. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotLayout::setMargin (int margin)"
.PP
Change the margin of the plot. The margin is the space around all components.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fImargin\fP new margin 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBmargin()\fP, \fBsetSpacing()\fP, \fBQwtPlot::setMargin()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotLayout::setSpacing (int spacing)"
.PP
Change the spacing of the plot. The spacing is the distance between the plot components.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIspacing\fP new spacing 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetMargin()\fP, \fBspacing()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int QwtPlotLayout::spacing () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
spacing 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBmargin()\fP, \fBsetSpacing()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const QRect & QwtPlotLayout::titleRect () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Geometry for the title 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBactivate()\fP, \fBinvalidate()\fP 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
