.TH "QwtPlotCurve" 3 "22 Mar 2009" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtPlotCurve \- A plot item, that represents a series of points.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <qwt_plot_curve.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBQwtPlotItem\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBCurveType\fP { \fBYfx\fP, \fBXfy\fP }"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBCurveStyle\fP { \fBNoCurve\fP, \fBLines\fP, \fBSticks\fP, \fBSteps\fP, \fBDots\fP, \fBUserCurve\fP =  100 }"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBCurveAttribute\fP { \fBInverted\fP =  1, \fBFitted\fP =  2 }"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBPaintAttribute\fP { \fBPaintFiltered\fP =  1, \fBClipPolygons\fP =  2 }"
.br
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlotCurve\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlotCurve\fP (const \fBQwtText\fP &title)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlotCurve\fP (const QString &title)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~QwtPlotCurve\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBrtti\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetCurveType\fP (\fBCurveType\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCurveType\fP \fBcurveType\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetPaintAttribute\fP (\fBPaintAttribute\fP, bool on=true)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBtestPaintAttribute\fP (\fBPaintAttribute\fP) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetRawData\fP (const double *x, const double *y, int size)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetData\fP (const double *xData, const double *yData, int size)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetData\fP (const QwtArray< double > &xData, const QwtArray< double > &yData)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetData\fP (const QPolygonF &data)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetData\fP (const \fBQwtData\fP &data)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBclosestPoint\fP (const QPoint &pos, double *dist=NULL) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtData\fP & \fBdata\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtData\fP & \fBdata\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdataSize\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBx\fP (int i) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBy\fP (int i) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QwtDoubleRect \fBboundingRect\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBminXValue\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBmaxXValue\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBminYValue\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBmaxYValue\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetCurveAttribute\fP (\fBCurveAttribute\fP, bool on=true)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBtestCurveAttribute\fP (\fBCurveAttribute\fP) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetPen\fP (const QPen &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const QPen & \fBpen\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetBrush\fP (const QBrush &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const QBrush & \fBbrush\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetBaseline\fP (double ref)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBbaseline\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetStyle\fP (\fBCurveStyle\fP style)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCurveStyle\fP \fBstyle\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetSymbol\fP (const \fBQwtSymbol\fP &s)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtSymbol\fP & \fBsymbol\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetCurveFitter\fP (\fBQwtCurveFitter\fP *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtCurveFitter\fP * \fBcurveFitter\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdraw\fP (QPainter *p, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &yMap, const QRect &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdraw\fP (QPainter *p, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &yMap, int from, int to) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdraw\fP (int from, int to) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBupdateLegend\fP (\fBQwtLegend\fP *) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinit\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdrawCurve\fP (QPainter *p, int style, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &yMap, int from, int to) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdrawSymbols\fP (QPainter *p, const \fBQwtSymbol\fP &, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &yMap, int from, int to) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdrawLines\fP (QPainter *p, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &yMap, int from, int to) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdrawSticks\fP (QPainter *p, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &yMap, int from, int to) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdrawDots\fP (QPainter *p, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &yMap, int from, int to) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdrawSteps\fP (QPainter *p, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &yMap, int from, int to) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBfillCurve\fP (QPainter *, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &, QwtPolygon &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBclosePolyline\fP (const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &, QwtPolygon &) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A plot item, that represents a series of points. 

A curve is the representation of a series of points in the x-y plane. It supports different display styles, interpolation ( f.e. spline ) and symbols.
.PP
\fBUsage\fP.RS 4

.IP "\fBa) Assign curve properties \fP" 1c
When a curve is created, it is configured to draw black solid lines with in Lines style and no symbols. You can change this by calling \fBsetPen()\fP, \fBsetStyle()\fP and \fBsetSymbol()\fP. 
.IP "\fBb) Connect/Assign data. \fP" 1c
\fBQwtPlotCurve\fP gets its points using a \fBQwtData\fP object offering a bridge to the real storage of the points ( like QAbstractItemModel ). There are several convenience classes derived from \fBQwtData\fP, that also store the points inside ( like QStandardItemModel ). \fBQwtPlotCurve\fP also offers a couple of variations of \fBsetData()\fP, that build \fBQwtData\fP objects from arrays internally. 
.IP "\fBc) Attach the curve to a plot \fP" 1c
See \fBQwtPlotItem::attach()\fP 
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBExample:\fP.RS 4
see examples/bode
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlot\fP, \fBQwtData\fP, \fBQwtSymbol\fP, \fBQwtScaleMap\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Enumeration Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBQwtPlotCurve::CurveAttribute\fP"
.PP
Attribute for drawing the curve
.PP
.IP "\(bu" 2
Fitted ( in combination with the Lines \fBQwtPlotCurve::CurveStyle\fP only )
.br
 A \fBQwtCurveFitter\fP tries to interpolate/smooth the curve, before it is painted. Note that curve fitting requires temorary memory for calculating coefficients and additional points. If painting in Fitted mode is slow it might be better to fit the points, before they are passed to \fBQwtPlotCurve\fP.
.IP "\(bu" 2
Inverted
.br
 For Steps only. Draws a step function from the right to the left.
.PP
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetCurveAttribute()\fP, \fBtestCurveAttribute()\fP, \fBcurveFitter()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "enum \fBQwtPlotCurve::CurveStyle\fP"
.PP
Curve styles.
.PP
.IP "\(bu" 2
NoCurve
.br
 Don't draw a curve. Note: This doesn't affect the symbols.
.IP "\(bu" 2
Lines
.br
 Connect the points with straight lines. The lines might be interpolated depending on the 'Fitted' attribute. Curve fitting can be configured using \fBsetCurveFitter()\fP.
.IP "\(bu" 2
Sticks
.br
 Draw vertical(Yfx) or horizontal(Xfy) sticks from a baseline which is defined by \fBsetBaseline()\fP.
.IP "\(bu" 2
Steps
.br
 Connect the points with a step function. The step function is drawn from the left to the right or vice versa, depending on the 'Inverted' attribute.
.IP "\(bu" 2
Dots
.br
 Draw dots at the locations of the data points. Note: This is different from a dotted line (see \fBsetPen()\fP), and faster as a curve in NoStyle style and a symbol painting a point.
.IP "\(bu" 2
UserCurve
.br
 Styles >= UserCurve are reserved for derived classes of \fBQwtPlotCurve\fP that overload \fBdrawCurve()\fP with additional application specific curve types.
.PP
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetStyle()\fP, \fBstyle()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "enum \fBQwtPlotCurve::CurveType\fP"
.PP
Curve type.
.PP
.IP "\(bu" 2
Yfx
.br
 Draws y as a function of x (the default). The baseline is interpreted as a horizontal line with y = \fBbaseline()\fP.
.IP "\(bu" 2
Xfy
.br
 Draws x as a function of y. The baseline is interpreted as a vertical line with x = \fBbaseline()\fP.
.PP
.PP
The baseline is used for aligning the sticks, or filling the curve with a brush.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetCurveType()\fP, \fBcurveType()\fP, \fBbaseline()\fP \fBbrush()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "enum \fBQwtPlotCurve::PaintAttribute\fP"
.PP
Attributes to modify the drawing algorithm.
.PP
.IP "\(bu" 2
PaintFiltered
.br
 Tries to reduce the data that has to be painted, by sorting out duplicates, or paintings outside the visible area. Might have a notable impact on curves with many close points. Only a couple of very basic filtering algos are implemented.
.IP "\(bu" 2
ClipPolygons
.br
 Clip polygons before painting them. In situations, where points are far outside the visible area (f.e when zooming deep) this might be a substantial improvement for the painting performance ( especially on Windows ).
.PP
.PP
The default is, that no paint attributes are enabled.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetPaintAttribute()\fP, \fBtestPaintAttribute()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtPlotCurve::QwtPlotCurve ()\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
.SS "QwtPlotCurve::QwtPlotCurve (const \fBQwtText\fP & title)\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
Constructor 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItitle\fP Title of the curve 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QwtPlotCurve::QwtPlotCurve (const QString & title)\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
Constructor 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItitle\fP Title of the curve 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QwtPlotCurve::~QwtPlotCurve ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "double QwtPlotCurve::baseline () const"
.PP
Return the value of the baseline 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetBaseline()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QwtDoubleRect QwtPlotCurve::boundingRect () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Returns the bounding rectangle of the curve data. If there is no bounding rect, like for empty data the rectangle is invalid. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtData::boundingRect()\fP, QwtDoubleRect::isValid() 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtPlotItem\fP.
.SS "const QBrush & QwtPlotCurve::brush () const"
.PP
Return the brush used to fill the area between lines and the baseline. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetBrush()\fP, \fBsetBaseline()\fP, \fBbaseline()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotCurve::closePolyline (const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & yMap, QwtPolygon & pa) const\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Complete a polygon to be a closed polygon including the area between the original polygon and the baseline. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxMap\fP X map 
.br
\fIyMap\fP Y map 
.br
\fIpa\fP Polygon to be completed 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int QwtPlotCurve::closestPoint (const QPoint & pos, double * dist = \fCNULL\fP) const"
.PP
Find the closest curve point for a specific position
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpos\fP Position, where to look for the closest curve point 
.br
\fIdist\fP If dist != NULL, \fBclosestPoint()\fP returns the distance between the position and the clostest curve point 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Index of the closest curve point, or -1 if none can be found ( f.e when the curve has no points ) 
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
\fBclosestPoint()\fP implements a dumb algorithm, that iterates over all points 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBQwtCurveFitter\fP * QwtPlotCurve::curveFitter () const"
.PP
Get the curve fitter. If curve fitting is disabled NULL is returned. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Curve fitter 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBQwtPlotCurve::CurveType\fP QwtPlotCurve::curveType () const"
.PP
Return the curve type 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBCurveType\fP, \fBsetCurveType()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const \fBQwtData\fP & QwtPlotCurve::data () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the the curve data 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBQwtData\fP & QwtPlotCurve::data ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the the curve data 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int QwtPlotCurve::dataSize () const"
.PP
Return the size of the data arrays 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetData()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotCurve::draw (int from, int to) const"
.PP
Draw a set of points of a curve. 
.PP
When observing an measurement while it is running, new points have to be added to an existing curve. drawCurve can be used to display them avoiding a complete redraw of the canvas.
.PP
Setting \fBplot()\fP->canvas()->setAttribute(Qt::WA_PaintOutsidePaintEvent, true); will result in faster painting, if the paint engine of the canvas widget supports this feature.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfrom\fP Index of the first point to be painted 
.br
\fIto\fP Index of the last point to be painted. If to < 0 the curve will be painted to its last point.
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBdrawCurve()\fP, \fBdrawSymbols()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotCurve::draw (QPainter * painter, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & yMap, int from, int to) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Draw an interval of the curve. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIxMap\fP maps x-values into pixel coordinates. 
.br
\fIyMap\fP maps y-values into pixel coordinates. 
.br
\fIfrom\fP index of the first point to be painted 
.br
\fIto\fP index of the last point to be painted. If to < 0 the curve will be painted to its last point.
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBdrawCurve()\fP, \fBdrawSymbols()\fP, 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotCurve::draw (QPainter * painter, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & yMap, const QRect &) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Draw the complete curve. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIxMap\fP Maps x-values into pixel coordinates. 
.br
\fIyMap\fP Maps y-values into pixel coordinates.
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBdrawCurve()\fP, \fBdrawSymbols()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBQwtPlotItem\fP.
.SS "void QwtPlotCurve::drawCurve (QPainter * painter, int style, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & yMap, int from, int to) const\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Draw the line part (without symbols) of a curve interval. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIstyle\fP curve style, see \fBQwtPlotCurve::CurveStyle\fP 
.br
\fIxMap\fP x map 
.br
\fIyMap\fP y map 
.br
\fIfrom\fP index of the first point to be painted 
.br
\fIto\fP index of the last point to be painted 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBdraw()\fP, \fBdrawDots()\fP, \fBdrawLines()\fP, \fBdrawSteps()\fP, \fBdrawSticks()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotCurve::drawDots (QPainter * painter, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & yMap, int from, int to) const\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Draw dots
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIxMap\fP x map 
.br
\fIyMap\fP y map 
.br
\fIfrom\fP index of the first point to be painted 
.br
\fIto\fP index of the last point to be painted
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBdraw()\fP, \fBdrawCurve()\fP, \fBdrawSticks()\fP, \fBdrawLines()\fP, \fBdrawSteps()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotCurve::drawLines (QPainter * painter, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & yMap, int from, int to) const\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Draw lines. 
.PP
If the CurveAttribute Fitted is enabled a \fBQwtCurveFitter\fP tries to interpolate/smooth the curve, before it is painted.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIxMap\fP x map 
.br
\fIyMap\fP y map 
.br
\fIfrom\fP index of the first point to be painted 
.br
\fIto\fP index of the last point to be painted
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetCurveAttribute()\fP, \fBsetCurveFitter()\fP, \fBdraw()\fP, \fBdrawLines()\fP, \fBdrawDots()\fP, \fBdrawSteps()\fP, \fBdrawSticks()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotCurve::drawSteps (QPainter * painter, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & yMap, int from, int to) const\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Draw step function
.PP
The direction of the steps depends on Inverted attribute.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIxMap\fP x map 
.br
\fIyMap\fP y map 
.br
\fIfrom\fP index of the first point to be painted 
.br
\fIto\fP index of the last point to be painted
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBCurveAttribute\fP, \fBsetCurveAttribute()\fP, \fBdraw()\fP, \fBdrawCurve()\fP, \fBdrawDots()\fP, \fBdrawLines()\fP, \fBdrawSticks()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotCurve::drawSticks (QPainter * painter, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & yMap, int from, int to) const\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Draw sticks
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIxMap\fP x map 
.br
\fIyMap\fP y map 
.br
\fIfrom\fP index of the first point to be painted 
.br
\fIto\fP index of the last point to be painted
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBdraw()\fP, \fBdrawCurve()\fP, \fBdrawDots()\fP, \fBdrawLines()\fP, \fBdrawSteps()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotCurve::drawSymbols (QPainter * painter, const \fBQwtSymbol\fP & symbol, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & yMap, int from, int to) const\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Draw symbols. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIsymbol\fP Curve symbol 
.br
\fIxMap\fP x map 
.br
\fIyMap\fP y map 
.br
\fIfrom\fP index of the first point to be painted 
.br
\fIto\fP index of the last point to be painted
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetSymbol()\fP, \fBdraw()\fP, \fBdrawCurve()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotCurve::fillCurve (QPainter * painter, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & yMap, QwtPolygon & pa) const\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Fill the area between the curve and the baseline with the curve brush
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIxMap\fP x map 
.br
\fIyMap\fP y map 
.br
\fIpa\fP Polygon
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetBrush()\fP, \fBsetBaseline()\fP, \fBsetCurveType()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotCurve::init ()\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Initialize data members. 
.PP
.SS "double QwtPlotCurve::maxXValue () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
\fBboundingRect()\fP.right() 
.PP
.SS "double QwtPlotCurve::maxYValue () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
\fBboundingRect()\fP.bottom() 
.PP
.SS "double QwtPlotCurve::minXValue () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
\fBboundingRect()\fP.left() 
.PP
.SS "double QwtPlotCurve::minYValue () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
\fBboundingRect()\fP.top() 
.PP
.SS "const QPen & QwtPlotCurve::pen () const"
.PP
Return the pen used to draw the lines. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetPen()\fP, \fBbrush()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int QwtPlotCurve::rtti () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
QwtPlotItem::Rtti_PlotCurve 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtPlotItem\fP.
.SS "void QwtPlotCurve::setBaseline (double reference)"
.PP
Set the value of the baseline. 
.PP
The baseline is needed for filling the curve with a brush or the Sticks drawing style. The default value is 0.0. The interpretation of the baseline depends on the CurveType. With QwtPlotCurve::Yfx, the baseline is interpreted as a horizontal line at y = \fBbaseline()\fP, with QwtPlotCurve::Yfy, it is interpreted as a vertical line at x = \fBbaseline()\fP. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIreference\fP baseline 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBbaseline()\fP, \fBsetBrush()\fP, \fBsetStyle()\fP, \fBsetCurveType()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotCurve::setBrush (const QBrush & brush)"
.PP
Assign a brush. 
.PP
In case of brush.style() != QBrush::NoBrush and \fBstyle()\fP != QwtPlotCurve::Sticks the area between the curve and the baseline will be filled.
.PP
In case !brush.color().isValid() the area will be filled by pen.color(). The fill algorithm simply connects the first and the last curve point to the baseline. So the curve data has to be sorted (ascending or descending).
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbrush\fP New brush 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBbrush()\fP, \fBsetBaseline()\fP, \fBbaseline()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotCurve::setCurveAttribute (\fBCurveAttribute\fP attribute, bool on = \fCtrue\fP)"
.PP
Specify an attribute for drawing the curve
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIattribute\fP Curve attribute 
.br
\fIon\fP On/Off
.RE
.PP
/sa CurveAttribute, \fBtestCurveAttribute()\fP, \fBsetCurveFitter()\fP 
.SS "void QwtPlotCurve::setCurveFitter (\fBQwtCurveFitter\fP * curveFitter)"
.PP
Assign a curve fitter setCurveFitter(NULL) disables curve fitting.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcurveFitter\fP Curve fitter 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotCurve::setCurveType (\fBCurveType\fP curveType)"
.PP
Assign the curve type
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcurveType\fP Yfx or Xfy 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBCurveType\fP, \fBcurveType()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotCurve::setData (const \fBQwtData\fP & data)"
.PP
Initialize data with a pointer to \fBQwtData\fP.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIdata\fP Data 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtData::copy()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotCurve::setData (const QPolygonF & data)"
.PP
Initialize data with an array of points (explicitly shared).
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIdata\fP Data 
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
Internally the data is stored in a \fBQwtPolygonFData\fP object 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotCurve::setData (const QwtArray< double > & xData, const QwtArray< double > & yData)"
.PP
Initialize data with x- and y-arrays (explicitly shared) ( Builds an \fBQwtArrayData\fP object internally )
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxData\fP x data 
.br
\fIyData\fP y data
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
Internally the data is stored in a \fBQwtArrayData\fP object 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotCurve::setData (const double * xData, const double * yData, int size)"
.PP
Set data by copying x- and y-values from specified memory blocks. Contrary to setCurveRawData(), this function makes a 'deep copy' of the data.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxData\fP Pointer to x values 
.br
\fIyData\fP Pointer to y values 
.br
\fIsize\fP Size of xData and yData
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
Internally the data is stored in a \fBQwtArrayData\fP object 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotCurve::setPaintAttribute (\fBPaintAttribute\fP attribute, bool on = \fCtrue\fP)"
.PP
Specify an attribute how to draw the curve
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIattribute\fP Paint attribute 
.br
\fIon\fP On/Off /sa PaintAttribute, \fBtestPaintAttribute()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotCurve::setPen (const QPen & pen)"
.PP
Assign a pen
.PP
The width of non cosmetic pens is scaled according to the resolution of the paint device.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpen\fP New pen 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBpen()\fP, \fBbrush()\fP, \fBQwtPainter::scaledPen()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotCurve::setRawData (const double * xData, const double * yData, int size)"
.PP
Initialize the data by pointing to memory blocks which are not managed by \fBQwtPlotCurve\fP. 
.PP
setRawData is provided for efficiency. It is important to keep the pointers during the lifetime of the underlying \fBQwtCPointerData\fP class.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxData\fP pointer to x data 
.br
\fIyData\fP pointer to y data 
.br
\fIsize\fP size of x and y
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
Internally the data is stored in a \fBQwtCPointerData\fP object 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotCurve::setStyle (\fBCurveStyle\fP style)"
.PP
Set the curve's drawing style
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstyle\fP Curve style 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBCurveStyle\fP, \fBstyle()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotCurve::setSymbol (const \fBQwtSymbol\fP & symbol)"
.PP
Assign a symbol. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsymbol\fP Symbol 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsymbol()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBQwtPlotCurve::CurveStyle\fP QwtPlotCurve::style () const"
.PP
Return the current style 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBCurveStyle\fP, \fBsetStyle()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const \fBQwtSymbol\fP & QwtPlotCurve::symbol () const"
.PP
Return the current symbol. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetSymbol()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "bool QwtPlotCurve::testCurveAttribute (\fBCurveAttribute\fP attribute) const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true, if attribute is enabled 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBCurveAttribute\fP, \fBsetCurveAttribute()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "bool QwtPlotCurve::testPaintAttribute (\fBPaintAttribute\fP attribute) const"
.PP
Return the current paint attributes. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBPaintAttribute\fP, \fBsetPaintAttribute()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotCurve::updateLegend (\fBQwtLegend\fP * legend) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Update the widget that represents the curve on the legend. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtPlotItem\fP.
.SS "double QwtPlotCurve::x (int i) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIi\fP index 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
x-value at position i 
.RE
.PP

.SS "double QwtPlotCurve::y (int i) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIi\fP index 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
y-value at position i 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
