.TH "QwtPlotMagnifier" 3 "22 Mar 2009" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtPlotMagnifier \- \fBQwtPlotMagnifier\fP provides zooming, by magnifying in steps.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <qwt_plot_magnifier.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBQwtMagnifier\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlotMagnifier\fP (\fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~QwtPlotMagnifier\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetAxisEnabled\fP (int axis, bool on)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisAxisEnabled\fP (int axis) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP * \fBcanvas\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP * \fBcanvas\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlot\fP * \fBplot\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtPlot\fP * \fBplot\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBrescale\fP (double factor)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBQwtPlotMagnifier\fP provides zooming, by magnifying in steps. 

Using \fBQwtPlotMagnifier\fP a plot can be zoomed in/out in steps using keys, the mouse wheel or moving a mouse button in vertical direction.
.PP
Together with \fBQwtPlotZoomer\fP and \fBQwtPlotPanner\fP it is possible to implement individual and powerful navigation of the plot canvas.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlotZoomer\fP, \fBQwtPlotPanner\fP, \fBQwtPlot\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtPlotMagnifier::QwtPlotMagnifier (\fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP * canvas)\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
Constructor 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcanvas\fP Plot canvas to be magnified 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QwtPlotMagnifier::~QwtPlotMagnifier ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "const \fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP * QwtPlotMagnifier::canvas () const"
.PP
Return Observed plot canvas. 
.PP
.SS "\fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP * QwtPlotMagnifier::canvas ()"
.PP
Return observed plot canvas. 
.PP
.SS "bool QwtPlotMagnifier::isAxisEnabled (int axis) const"
.PP
Test if an axis is enabled
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaxis\fP Axis, see \fBQwtPlot::Axis\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
True, if the axis is enabled
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetAxisEnabled()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const \fBQwtPlot\fP * QwtPlotMagnifier::plot () const"
.PP
Return plot widget, containing the observed plot canvas. 
.PP
.SS "\fBQwtPlot\fP * QwtPlotMagnifier::plot ()"
.PP
Return plot widget, containing the observed plot canvas. 
.PP
.SS "void QwtPlotMagnifier::rescale (double factor)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Zoom in/out the axes scales 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfactor\fP A value < 1.0 zooms in, a value > 1.0 zooms out. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBQwtMagnifier\fP.
.SS "void QwtPlotMagnifier::setAxisEnabled (int axis, bool on)"
.PP
En/Disable an axis. 
.PP
Axes that are enabled will be synchronized to the result of panning. All other axes will remain unchanged.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaxis\fP Axis, see \fBQwtPlot::Axis\fP 
.br
\fIon\fP On/Off
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBisAxisEnabled()\fP 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
