.TH "QwtPlotRasterItem" 3 "22 Mar 2009" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtPlotRasterItem \- A class, which displays raster data.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <qwt_plot_rasteritem.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBQwtPlotItem\fP.
.PP
Inherited by \fBQwtPlotSpectrogram\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBCachePolicy\fP { \fBNoCache\fP, \fBPaintCache\fP, \fBScreenCache\fP }"
.br
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlotRasterItem\fP (const QString &title=QString::null)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlotRasterItem\fP (const \fBQwtText\fP &title)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~QwtPlotRasterItem\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetAlpha\fP (int alpha)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBalpha\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetCachePolicy\fP (\fBCachePolicy\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCachePolicy\fP \fBcachePolicy\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinvalidateCache\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdraw\fP (QPainter *p, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &yMap, const QRect &rect) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QSize \fBrasterHint\fP (const QwtDoubleRect &) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QImage \fBrenderImage\fP (const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &yMap, const QwtDoubleRect &area) const =0"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A class, which displays raster data. 

Raster data is a grid of pixel values, that can be represented as a QImage. It is used for many types of information like spectrograms, cartograms, geographical maps ...
.PP
Often a plot has several types of raster data organized in layers. ( f.e a geographical map, with weather statistics ). Using \fBsetAlpha()\fP raster items can be stacked easily.
.PP
\fBQwtPlotRasterItem\fP is only implemented for images of the following formats: QImage::Format_Indexed8, QImage::Format_ARGB32.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlotSpectrogram\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Enumeration Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBQwtPlotRasterItem::CachePolicy\fP"
.PP
.IP "\(bu" 2
NoCache
.br
 \fBrenderImage()\fP is called, whenever the item has to be repainted
.IP "\(bu" 2
PaintCache
.br
 \fBrenderImage()\fP is called, whenever the image cache is not valid, or the scales, or the size of the canvas has changed. This type of cache is only useful for improving the performance of hide/show operations. All other situations are already handled by the plot canvas cache.
.IP "\(bu" 2
ScreenCache
.br
 The screen cache is an image in size of the screen. As long as the scales don't change the target image is scaled from the cache. This might improve the performance when resizing the plot widget, but suffers from scaling effects.
.PP
.PP
The default policy is NoCache 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtPlotRasterItem::QwtPlotRasterItem (const QString & title = \fCQString::null\fP)\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
.SS "QwtPlotRasterItem::QwtPlotRasterItem (const \fBQwtText\fP & title)\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
.SS "QwtPlotRasterItem::~QwtPlotRasterItem ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int QwtPlotRasterItem::alpha () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Alpha value of the raster item 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetAlpha()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBQwtPlotRasterItem::CachePolicy\fP QwtPlotRasterItem::cachePolicy () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Cache policy 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBCachePolicy\fP, \fBsetCachePolicy()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotRasterItem::draw (QPainter * painter, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & yMap, const QRect & canvasRect) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Draw the raster data. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIxMap\fP X-Scale Map 
.br
\fIyMap\fP Y-Scale Map 
.br
\fIcanvasRect\fP Contents rect of the plot canvas 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBQwtPlotItem\fP.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBQwtPlotSpectrogram\fP.
.SS "void QwtPlotRasterItem::invalidateCache ()"
.PP
Invalidate the paint cache 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetCachePolicy()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QSize QwtPlotRasterItem::rasterHint (const QwtDoubleRect &) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Returns the recommended raster for a given rect. 
.PP
F.e the raster hint can be used to limit the resolution of the image that is rendered.
.PP
The default implementation returns an invalid size (QSize()), what means: no hint. 
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBQwtPlotSpectrogram\fP.
.SS "virtual QImage QwtPlotRasterItem::renderImage (const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & yMap, const QwtDoubleRect & area) const\fC [protected, pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Renders an image for an area
.PP
The format of the image must be QImage::Format_Indexed8, QImage::Format_RGB32 or QImage::Format_ARGB32
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxMap\fP Maps x-values into pixel coordinates. 
.br
\fIyMap\fP Maps y-values into pixel coordinates. 
.br
\fIarea\fP Requested area for the image in scale coordinates 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBQwtPlotSpectrogram\fP.
.SS "void QwtPlotRasterItem::setAlpha (int alpha)"
.PP
Set an alpha value for the raster data. 
.PP
Often a plot has several types of raster data organized in layers. ( f.e a geographical map, with weather statistics ). Using \fBsetAlpha()\fP raster items can be stacked easily.
.PP
The alpha value is a value [0, 255] to control the transparency of the image. 0 represents a fully transparent color, while 255 represents a fully opaque color.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIalpha\fP Alpha value
.RE
.PP
.IP "\(bu" 2
alpha >= 0
.br
 All alpha values of the pixels returned by \fBrenderImage()\fP will be set to alpha, beside those with an alpha value of 0 (invalid pixels).
.IP "\(bu" 2
alpha < 0 The alpha values returned by \fBrenderImage()\fP are not changed.
.PP
.PP
The default alpha value is -1.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBalpha()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotRasterItem::setCachePolicy (\fBQwtPlotRasterItem::CachePolicy\fP policy)"
.PP
Change the cache policy
.PP
The default policy is NoCache
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpolicy\fP Cache policy 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBCachePolicy\fP, \fBcachePolicy()\fP 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
