.TH "QwtScaleTransformation" 3 "22 Mar 2009" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtScaleTransformation \- Operations for linear or logarithmic (base 10) transformations.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <qwt_scale_map.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBType\fP { \fBLinear\fP, \fBLog10\fP, \fBOther\fP }"
.br
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtScaleTransformation\fP (Type type)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~QwtScaleTransformation\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual double \fBxForm\fP (double x, double s1, double s2, double p1, double p2) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual double \fBinvXForm\fP (double x, double s1, double s2, double p1, double p2) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Type \fBtype\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBQwtScaleTransformation\fP * \fBcopy\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Operations for linear or logarithmic (base 10) transformations. 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtScaleTransformation::QwtScaleTransformation (Type type)"
.PP
Constructor for a linear transformation. 
.PP
.SS "QwtScaleTransformation::~QwtScaleTransformation ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBQwtScaleTransformation\fP * QwtScaleTransformation::copy () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Create a clone of the transformation. 
.PP
.SS "double QwtScaleTransformation::invXForm (double p, double p1, double p2, double s1, double s2) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Transform a value from a linear to a logarithmic interval. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIx\fP value related to the linear interval [p1, p2] 
.br
\fIp1\fP first border of linear interval 
.br
\fIp2\fP first border of linear interval 
.br
\fIs1\fP first border of logarithmic interval 
.br
\fIs2\fP first border of logarithmic interval 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.IP "\fBexp((x - p1) / (p2 - p1) * log(s2 / s1)) * s1; \fP" 1c
.PP
.RE
.PP

.SS "Type QwtScaleTransformation::type () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Transformation type 
.RE
.PP

.SS "double QwtScaleTransformation::xForm (double s, double s1, double s2, double p1, double p2) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Transform a value between 2 linear intervals. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIx\fP value related to the interval [x1, x2] 
.br
\fIx1\fP first border of source interval 
.br
\fIx2\fP first border of source interval 
.br
\fIy1\fP first border of target interval 
.br
\fIy2\fP first border of target interval 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.IP "\fBlinear mapping:\fP" 1c
y1 + (y2 - y1) / (x2 - x1) * (x - x1) 
.PP
.IP "\fBlog10 mapping: \fP" 1c
p1 + (p2 - p1) / log(s2 / s1) * log(x / s1) 
.PP
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
