.TH "QwtThermo" 3 "22 Mar 2009" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtThermo \- The Thermometer Widget.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <qwt_thermo.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBQwtAbstractScale\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBScalePos\fP { \fBNoScale\fP, \fBLeftScale\fP, \fBRightScale\fP, \fBTopScale\fP, \fBBottomScale\fP }"
.br
.SS "Public Slots"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetValue\fP (double val)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtThermo\fP (QWidget *parent=NULL)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~QwtThermo\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetOrientation\fP (Qt::Orientation o, ScalePos s)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetScalePosition\fP (ScalePos s)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "ScalePos \fBscalePosition\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetBorderWidth\fP (int w)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBborderWidth\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetFillBrush\fP (const QBrush &b)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const QBrush & \fBfillBrush\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetFillColor\fP (const QColor &c)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const QColor & \fBfillColor\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetAlarmBrush\fP (const QBrush &b)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const QBrush & \fBalarmBrush\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetAlarmColor\fP (const QColor &c)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const QColor & \fBalarmColor\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetAlarmLevel\fP (double v)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBalarmLevel\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetAlarmEnabled\fP (bool tf)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBalarmEnabled\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetPipeWidth\fP (int w)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBpipeWidth\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetMaxValue\fP (double v)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBmaxValue\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetMinValue\fP (double v)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBminValue\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBvalue\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetRange\fP (double vmin, double vmax, bool lg=false)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetMargin\fP (int m)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QSize \fBsizeHint\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QSize \fBminimumSizeHint\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetScaleDraw\fP (\fBQwtScaleDraw\fP *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtScaleDraw\fP * \fBscaleDraw\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdraw\fP (QPainter *p, const QRect &update_rect)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdrawThermo\fP (QPainter *p)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBlayoutThermo\fP (bool update=true)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBscaleChange\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBfontChange\fP (const QFont &oldFont)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBpaintEvent\fP (QPaintEvent *e)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBresizeEvent\fP (QResizeEvent *e)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtScaleDraw\fP * \fBscaleDraw\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
The Thermometer Widget. 

\fBQwtThermo\fP is a widget which displays a value in an interval. It supports:
.IP "\(bu" 2
a horizontal or vertical layout;
.IP "\(bu" 2
a range;
.IP "\(bu" 2
a scale;
.IP "\(bu" 2
an alarm level.
.PP
.PP
.PP
By default, the scale and range run over the same interval of values. \fBQwtAbstractScale::setScale()\fP changes the interval of the scale and allows easy conversion between physical units.
.PP
The example shows how to make the scale indicate in degrees Fahrenheit and to set the value in degrees Kelvin: 
.PP
.nf
#include <qapplication.h>
#include <qwt_thermo.h>

double Kelvin2Fahrenheit(double kelvin)
{
    // see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kelvin
    return 1.8*kelvin - 459.67;
}

int main(int argc, char **argv)
{
    const double minKelvin = 0.0;
    const double maxKelvin = 500.0;

    QApplication a(argc, argv);
    QwtThermo t;
    t.setRange(minKelvin, maxKelvin);
    t.setScale(Kelvin2Fahrenheit(minKelvin), Kelvin2Fahrenheit(maxKelvin));
    // set the value in Kelvin but the scale displays in Fahrenheit
    // 273.15 Kelvin = 0 Celsius = 32 Fahrenheit
    t.setValue(273.15);
    a.setMainWidget(&t);
    t.show();
    return a.exec();
}

.fi
.PP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtThermo::QwtThermo (QWidget * parent = \fCNULL\fP)\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
Constructor 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIparent\fP Parent widget 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QwtThermo::~QwtThermo ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "const QBrush & QwtThermo::alarmBrush () const"
.PP
Return the liquid brush above the alarm threshold. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetAlarmBrush()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const QColor & QwtThermo::alarmColor () const"
.PP
Return the liquid color above the alarm threshold. 
.PP
.SS "bool QwtThermo::alarmEnabled () const"
.PP
Return if the alarm threshold is enabled or disabled. 
.PP
.SS "double QwtThermo::alarmLevel () const"
.PP
Return the alarm threshold. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetAlarmLevel()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int QwtThermo::borderWidth () const"
.PP
Return the border width of the thermometer pipe. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetBorderWidth()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtThermo::draw (QPainter * painter, const QRect & rect)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Draw the whole \fBQwtThermo\fP.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIrect\fP Update rectangle 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtThermo::drawThermo (QPainter * painter)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Redraw the liquid in thermometer pipe. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const QBrush & QwtThermo::fillBrush () const"
.PP
Return the liquid brush. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetFillBrush()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const QColor & QwtThermo::fillColor () const"
.PP
Return the liquid color. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetFillColor()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtThermo::fontChange (const QFont & oldFont)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Notify a font change. 
.PP
.SS "void QwtThermo::layoutThermo (bool update_geometry = \fCtrue\fP)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Recalculate the \fBQwtThermo\fP geometry and layout based on the QwtThermo::rect() and the fonts.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIupdate_geometry\fP notify the layout system and call update to redraw the scale 
.RE
.PP

.SS "double QwtThermo::maxValue () const"
.PP
Return the maximum value. 
.PP
.SS "QSize QwtThermo::minimumSizeHint () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Return a minimum size hint. 
.PP
\fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
The return value depends on the font and the scale. 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsizeHint()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "double QwtThermo::minValue () const"
.PP
Return the minimum value. 
.PP
.SS "void QwtThermo::paintEvent (QPaintEvent * event)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Qt paint event. event Paint event 
.SS "int QwtThermo::pipeWidth () const"
.PP
Return the width of the pipe. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetPipeWidth()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtThermo::resizeEvent (QResizeEvent * e)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Qt resize event handler. 
.PP
.SS "void QwtThermo::scaleChange ()\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Notify a scale change. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtAbstractScale\fP.
.SS "\fBQwtScaleDraw\fP * QwtThermo::scaleDraw ()\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the scale draw of the thermo 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetScaleDraw()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const \fBQwtScaleDraw\fP * QwtThermo::scaleDraw () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the scale draw of the thermo 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetScaleDraw()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QwtThermo::ScalePos QwtThermo::scalePosition () const"
.PP
Return the scale position. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetScalePosition()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtThermo::setAlarmBrush (const QBrush & brush)"
.PP
Specify the liquid brush above the alarm threshold. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbrush\fP New brush. The default is solid white. 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBalarmBrush()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtThermo::setAlarmColor (const QColor & c)"
.PP
Specify the liquid color above the alarm threshold. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIc\fP New color. The default is white. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtThermo::setAlarmEnabled (bool tf)"
.PP
Enable or disable the alarm threshold. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItf\fP true (disabled) or false (enabled) 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtThermo::setAlarmLevel (double level)"
.PP
Specify the alarm threshold.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIlevel\fP Alarm threshold 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBalarmLevel()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtThermo::setBorderWidth (int width)"
.PP
Set the border width of the pipe. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIwidth\fP Border width 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBborderWidth()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtThermo::setFillBrush (const QBrush & brush)"
.PP
Change the brush of the liquid. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbrush\fP New brush. The default brush is solid black. 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBfillBrush()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtThermo::setFillColor (const QColor & c)"
.PP
Change the color of the liquid. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIc\fP New color. The default color is black. 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBfillColor()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtThermo::setMargin (int m)"
.PP
Specify the distance between the pipe's endpoints and the widget's border. 
.PP
The margin is used to leave some space for the scale labels. If a large font is used, it is advisable to adjust the margins. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIm\fP New Margin. The default values are 10 for horizontal orientation and 20 for vertical orientation. 
.RE
.PP
\fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
The margin has no effect if the scale is disabled. 
.PP
This function is a NOOP because margins are determined automatically. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtThermo::setMaxValue (double max)"
.PP
Set the maximum value.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fImax\fP Maximum value 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBmaxValue()\fP, \fBsetMinValue()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtThermo::setMinValue (double min)"
.PP
Set the minimum value.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fImin\fP Minimum value 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBminValue()\fP, \fBsetMaxValue()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtThermo::setOrientation (Qt::Orientation o, ScalePos s)"
.PP
Set the thermometer orientation and the scale position. 
.PP
The scale position NoScale disables the scale. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIo\fP orientation. Possible values are Qt::Horizontal and Qt::Vertical. The default value is Qt::Vertical. 
.br
\fIs\fP Position of the scale. The default value is NoScale.
.RE
.PP
A valid combination of scale position and orientation is enforced:
.IP "\(bu" 2
a horizontal thermometer can have the scale positions TopScale, BottomScale or NoScale;
.IP "\(bu" 2
a vertical thermometer can have the scale positions LeftScale, RightScale or NoScale;
.IP "\(bu" 2
an invalid scale position will default to NoScale.
.PP
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetScalePosition()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtThermo::setPipeWidth (int width)"
.PP
Change the width of the pipe.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIwidth\fP Width of the pipe 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBpipeWidth()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtThermo::setRange (double vmin, double vmax, bool logarithmic = \fCfalse\fP)"
.PP
Set the range. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIvmin\fP value corresponding lower or left end of the thermometer 
.br
\fIvmax\fP value corresponding to the upper or right end of the thermometer 
.br
\fIlogarithmic\fP logarithmic mapping, true or false 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtThermo::setScaleDraw (\fBQwtScaleDraw\fP * scaleDraw)"
.PP
Set a scale draw. 
.PP
For changing the labels of the scales, it is necessary to derive from \fBQwtScaleDraw\fP and overload \fBQwtScaleDraw::label()\fP.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIscaleDraw\fP ScaleDraw object, that has to be created with new and will be deleted in ~QwtThermo or the next call of \fBsetScaleDraw()\fP. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtThermo::setScalePosition (ScalePos scalePos)"
.PP
Change the scale position (and thermometer orientation). 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIscalePos\fP Position of the scale.
.RE
.PP
A valid combination of scale position and orientation is enforced:
.IP "\(bu" 2
if the new scale position is LeftScale or RightScale, the scale orientation will become Qt::Vertical;
.IP "\(bu" 2
if the new scale position is BottomScale or TopScale, the scale orientation will become Qt::Horizontal;
.IP "\(bu" 2
if the new scale position is NoScale, the scale orientation will not change.
.PP
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetOrientation()\fP, \fBscalePosition()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtThermo::setValue (double value)\fC [slot]\fP"
.PP
Set the current value.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIvalue\fP New Value 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBvalue()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QSize QwtThermo::sizeHint () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the minimum size hint 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBminimumSizeHint()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "double QwtThermo::value () const"
.PP
Return the value. 
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
